 While my 4 yr old had been potty trained since she was about 2-1/2, she wasn't making it thru the night & so we used Pull Up every night. Shortly after she turned 4 she started waking up with dry pull ups. We gave it a few weeks to make sure it wasn't a fluke & then invested in *two* of these pads. The tuck in feature on both sides is great & I find that it does stay in place even after a nights sleep. She finds it comfortable as she's never complained about it (of course, Princess sheets accomanied this new pad to encourage acceptance and we made a HUGE deal about her giving up Pull Ups & sleeping in regular underwear). The best part about this design is that if there is an accident, you just whip it off (and any other top sheet that might have gotten wet) and tuck in a dry one. No changing the fitted sheet in the middle of the night. For us, if the top sheet or blanket gets wet, I've got a second comforter/blanket in her closet to quickly throw over her. (of course pajama changing can't be avoided) That helps get everyone back to sleep as fast as possible. I've washed them a number of times & they come out of the dryer in the same shape every time (follow washing instructions). The size is also generous. I was worried that she might move off the pad during the night, but with proper placement to where she normally sleeps most of the night, we've never had a problem. It says it absorbs 6 cups; while we haven't tested that, I've never found the pad dripping, so all the urine was securely soaked in. We haven't found a down side to these pads. Even the price isn't bad-- I did some price comparison and maybe you'll find them a few bucks less, but not by much. And, if I may add in a bit of my own potty training 2-cents, my husband wanted her to give up pull ups much earlier, but I was in no mood to change sheets (or these pads) *every* night. I've read that most toddlers' bladders aren't large enough to make it thru the night anyway, so I was just as happy to let it happen naturally. In that way, everyone was happy (well I was and you know what they say about Mamma being happy-- everyone's happy!) Thus, I highly recommend this pad to anyone going down the no-more-Pull-Ups Road. I am sure it would be just as useful for any older child (and parents) dealing with bed-wetting problem.