 What the previous reviewer didn't realize is that there are 2 different packaging options for this item. The first option is a pack that contains 1 key and 2 locks for people who want to try it out and the second option is to buy the pack that contains 4 locks but no key for those who already bought the starter kit and happened to like the product. So make sure you really read the description of what you're getting if you're buying online. (This one happens do be the 4 locks with no key so you might want to try the starter kit first...I actually rec. it because UNFORTUNATELY the lock doesn't work with all situations because of draw designs) Then on top of that Kidco also sells the key seperately with no locks for those who have the product, love it, and happened to misplace or lose their key OR want to purchase an additional incase they ever lose the 1st key. I will admit that I think it's pretty lame for a company to try to squeeze every penny out of you especially when it probaby only costs 5 cents to make the darn key and especially when you're dealing with child safety products. As far as how well the product works...I LOVE IT and wish it had worked out better with all my draw situations! It's especially great for those cabinet doors that stand alone and don't have another door next to it where you can just buy one of those wrap around door knob locks that require 2 knobs to be side by side. I didn't have as great of luck with my kitchen draws because the draw panel is added on to the actual draw so it isn't flush with where you put the catch. I put 5 stars to bring the rating up because the last reviewer only gave one and it's actually a great product. I know it will outsmart my baby far beyond any cheaper options out there. I installed them with the adhesive tape that comes with it but I plan on reattaching it with the screws also included because I personally feel that the screws will do a better job AND because I love my child more than my freaking cabinet doors for all those worried about messing up your precious wood cabinets...I mean give me a break...the holes are so small anyway and it's totally concealed, only you will know it's there. ALSO, this locks so tight that little fingers/hands can't reach inside small openings (which usually occures with the other types of locks) and pull stuff out. And also there's an option to turn the lock off for in between kids. DEFINITELY CONSIDER THIS PRODUCT!!!!