 I got this pump because I wasn't sure if I would need an electric as a stay-at-home mom. This pump is easy to use and clean. The ergonomic pump handle is pretty easy on the hands and wrist (I could pump even when I had tendonitis which hurt when I moved my thumb). It does not take up much room when disassembled so it'll be great for travelling. I'm not that thrilled about the soft comfort flange that is provided. I prefer the regular plastic Medela flanges that come with their electric pumps. I find that I can get as much milk out of this manual pump as I can with the Medela Pump In Style electric in about the same time and this one makes a lot less noise (great for middle of the night pumping sessions to ease engorgement without waking my baby and husband up). Also, just a note to some people having problems getting milk out with the Medelas... It may not be the pump itself but the size of the flanges. Every woman's breast and nipples are different sizes. Initially, I was using the standard 24mm flanges (suction cup things that go over your breasts). It was painful to pump and my milk would not come out even though I was engorged with plenty of milk. It would take me 2 hours just to get 2 oz of milk! I went to see a lactation consultant who suggested I try the next size up flanges (27mm). She got me one to try and it made a world of difference. I could immediately pump 2oz in under 5 mins. Now, I pump daily with my electric to stock up and can get 4 oz from both breasts in under 10 mins (estimate since I don't really time it cause it's so fast). I use either my electric of my manual depending on my mood, whether I need to double pump, if I need my hands free (then I use the electric) or if I'm going to pump somewhere besides my bedroom (i.e. living room while watching tv with my husband). I am now planning to pump to donate my milk to a milk bank. This pump made a world of difference. I think Medela makes flanges in 3 different sizes. The standard 24mm that comes with all their pumps, the 27mm and a 30mm.