 I love this breast pump. I only wish I bought it sooner. I bought a cheap breast pump at first, but it broke down after only a month of use. Due to daycare issues, I had to leave my son with my parents for a week, so I had to pump exclusively. After the second day with the cheap pump, my milk production cut in half to about 3 oz total from both sides every 3 hours. Then I had to wait longer to even get that much! I went out and bought this pump out of desperation and couldn't be happier. It took me about 4 pumping sessions for my body to get into a rhythm, but then it was great. I started pumping more milk in less time than the cheap pump. Now I use the pump 2-3 times a day at work and occasionally on the weekends. A couple of tips: If you have larger breasts, buy the larger shields. I am a D cup and the 27 mm shields are perfect for me. As soon as I switched to the larger shields, the minor discomfort I had pumping went away and I started getting about another ounce of milk out on each side in the same amount of time. Also, to use the dual function, turn on the pump before you put the shields to your breast. I've been doing that and I haven't had a problem positioning them correctly with the pump on. I've never had a problem with cleaning the pieces. I make sure and give the pieces a really good washing once a day, but in between each pumping, I wash everything quick with soap and my hand and let it dry. I've never had a problem with the pieces not drying in time before the next pumping. Also, when I bought my pump, they included an extra set of membranes. You can also buy microwave sterilization bags from Medela to clean everything in, including the membranes, which can't go in the dishwasher. Also, since the pump works with any bottle, you don't have to continually wash one bottle to use with the pump. I just stick nipples on the bottles I pumped in and take them to daycare, then grab the next set of clean bottles out of the cabinet for the next day. I must say, this pump saved my milk supply. I even have a freezer full of extra breastmilk. Even though it is much more expensive than some of the other pumps, I've saved more than its cost in formula, so it's been worth it financially, not to mention the extra benefits of breastmilk that my son has continued to have. I plan on keeping mine for my next child and I would definitely recommend this product to other moms