 My baby has developed feeding issues including a unique mixture of colic and reflux that had made feeding times a nightmare for everyone in our house. We started out using the Playtex Drop-ins system and that worked fine for us until we were about 1.5 months old. Then suddenly there was lots of gas and screaming at feedings. I switched to the Playtex Vent Aire bottles and the screaming stopped, but there were issues with the nipples and that just wasn't working out for us either. Baby was spending more calories than she was taking in with level 1, and drowning with level 2. Plus there were wierd extra parts to clean and keep up with. It was a temporary answer to our prayers but still not what we were looking for. Because we have a preemie, changing her formula isn't an option because she needs the nutrients in this special formula we are giving her and she is continuing to gain weight. So the real issue has become trying to make feeding more comfortable for her and us. As a final resort (I had spent so much on bottle systems that didn't work out that I had almost given up), I gave the Avent feeding system a try. It has worked wonders. Baby eats in an appropriate amount of time now, there are only the standard parts on any bottle to clean and manage, baby tolerates the nipple and flow well (we use both level 1 and 2 nipples). Best of all are the special "Variable Flow" nipples, sold separately-we use those for feedings where we have to mix in rice cereal and they allow the cereal through, not too fast but no clogs either. I like not having to "alter" the flow of the regular nipples with toothpicks, etc. because once you do this, there's no going back. The Variable Flow nipples solve that problem and leave the other nipples unscathed for normal feeding needs. Also, our baby was addicted to the Soothie pacifiers at the hospital. We have tried Nuk, Mam, Gerber and she wouldn't accept any of those. But she is accepting the Avent pacifiers included with this newborn starter set. My advice to parents looking for bottles to help with/solve feeding issues-buy the smallest number possible and give it 5 days. If it looks good on day one and is the same kind of good by day 5, it's safe to sink more money into it. But if it isn't going to work out, it will be obvious by day 5 or sooner that you haven't found "The Answer". Avent's bottles have passed this test for us and I would highly recommend them. Additionally, if your baby is experiencing colic and or reflux, see fussy baby dot org for tips and ideas. Also I would recommend a specific brand of gripe water called Colic Ease (all brands are not the same, see their ingredient page to see why). The fussy baby site and this gripe water teamed up with Avent bottles have really helped us out work through our feeding issues. Good luck