 In our pursuit for ultimate baby items, the infant carseat topped our list. What's more important than the safety of your first child, especially in so unpredicatable a situation as driving? Our search led us to this Graco carseat, and we added it to our wish list and recieved it as a Christmas gift, just before our daughter's birth in January. The seat is fairly attractive, but its good points stop there. It's a bear to install. Not because it's complicated, but rather because you need an extraordinarily strong man (or a woman, unlike myself certainly) to install the base. We ended up taking it to an inspector who spent about 5 minutes tugging on the belts with all his might, and then huffed and puffed and told us "That should be in there real good, now." We examined it, and asked why the seat was still able to flip up toward the back of the car, and he replied, "Oh they all do that, that's normal." Unsure, but with the safety rating to back it, we continued to use it. Throughout her first 7 months it was a cumbersome piece of equipment. Lots of bumping and banging it about to get it into the car with the baby already in the seat (we have 3 4-door sedans, a 1992 Subaru Legacy, an 80-something Oldsmobile, and my mom's 2006 Saturn Ion. With the seat already in the car, it's a struggle to get the baby in without bumping her head or catching her legs on the sides at least once - for me. My husband simply can't put her in with the carseat already in the car. Not to mention that, the seat - while installed in the car - has never felt especially stable, with the exception of my mom's Ion, which has the latch system. Of course, the drawback of the Ion is that my 6'1" husband can barely fit into the front seat because the carseat is so large and cumbersome that he cannot move his seat back and so he is sort of smashed into the dashboard. Then, in the past week the seat has begun to fall over while we're driving. Literally, go around a curve, look back, and her seat's at a 45 degree angle from the backseat of the car. My daughter is 8.5 months old still falls a bit below the weight and height limits for the seat. We've checked the belts that secure the seat, pulled with all our might, and the seat continues to malfuction. This is a safety issue if I've ever seen one. With enough force, she could end up directly on her side, say the force of a side impact in an accident. Upon closer inspection, I shouldn't be altogether shocked. The base of the seat is proportionately much smaller than the top where baby sits. Sort of like a wine glass, I suppose - so it's top heavy, and likely the heavier the load on top, the greater the likelihood it will topple at the slightest provocation. Needless to say, we'll begin shopping for a new seat immediately. As for the Snugride, I would recommend parents think twice before purchasing it. I'd certainly never consider it for an older vehicle without the latch system, and I'd still take it for a trial run in a newer one that does have the latch system. In hindsight I wish I had shopped around a bit more.