 I like this product so much that I am taking PRECIOUS daddy sleep time to write this review at 3:00 am on what appears to be the tail-end (oh, God, please) of a week-long, growth spurt, every 1 1/2 to 2 hour Porky Pig feeding frenzy for my firstborn three week old. Granted, this took a few overheated bottles and a little practice to get it right. At first, we were pretty p.o.'d that we couldn't get this thing to heat consistently (my wife is a doc and I'm a lawyer so you'd think between the two of us we could heat up four ounces of milk, but nooooo--apparently you need a PhD in nuclear physics to accomplish this). After about ten tries, I started to get the feel for it, and now, I don't even measure the water- I just dump a bunch in and start counting. Going by time produces much more consistent results than relying on the water measuring, which if done with exact precision would probably work perfectly. For me, holding el porko in one arm and manipulating the faucet and water measuring flask is a bit rough, so again, for me, just counting off ten alligators and pulling the bottle works great. I'd recommed that the company devise a flask that utilizes a sliding mechanism and slot so that you get an exact amount of water each time with excess water spilling-off. As a sidenote, we use chilled expressed milk in Avent bottles and I find that: 1. leaving the lid on the bottles makes it easier to remove the four ounce bottles from the steaming warmer; 2. squeezing the nub? (the bulge right below the nipple tip) of the Avent bottle releases pressure built up by heating; 3. swirling the bottle gently after pulling it from the warmer is a good thing; and 4. a once a week cleaning seems to be about all the maintenance this thing needs. I griped to my mother about the sometimes inconsistent heat, to which she laughed and told me, "go boil some water, pour it in a cup, drop your bottle in, wait 10 minutes for the bottle to warm up, clean up the mess you made, then complain to me how hard you have it." Point well taken. Thinking about it, you'd need some sort of temperature probe or something to monitor the milk temp itself to really get exact results every time. Maybe they'll have some doodad like that by the time I have grandkids. This warmer, Avent bottles, and the hard-to-find Gerber Anti-Gas Relief Simethicone drops have made my life much, much easier (oh yah, and lots of Excederine and coffee too). The kid is fed, burped, and oh yah baby, sleeping so I am off to night night. Life is goooood