 I just got my 2007 Revolution and I absolutely love it. My 19 month old gave it his seal of approval when he refused to get out of it the first time he went for a ride. If he even sees it, he wants in it! The main differences between the 2007 and the 2006 are: 1. Increased seat recline of up to 70 degrees (earlier versions only recline to 45 degrees) 2. Increased back support on the seat back 3. Additional padding added to the seat Quite frankly, these improvements weren't a huge selling point for me. If my son was an infant, the increased seat recline might matter, but at his age he doesn't want to recline at all. The sun canopy is the biggest I've ever seen on a stroller. In the past I've had to put a blanket over the canopy to try and shield the sun from my son's eyes, but this canopy solves that problem. It is huge! As for maneuverability, the Revolution far surpasses any other stroller I've tried. It is a smooth, steady ride. I typically use the swivel feature, but the stroller is still great with the front wheel in the locked position. The storage basket is fairly large for a jogger and is sufficient for the typical walk or jog. I did take this stroller to the mall today and, while it was incredibly easy to maneuver through the mall, the storage basket was not large enough for shopping and storing packages along the way. It is very easy to fold and is fairly compact when it is folded, but it does not have a latching feature which makes picking it up a bit awkward. It's not a huge deal to me, though, since I usually leave it open and ready to go in our garage (thank God for 3-car garages!). I really like the 5 point harness and my son doesn't mind being buckled into the seat. He seems very comfortable and snuggles right in as soon as I put him in. The "cup holders" inside the seat are nice, but he has a hard time getting his cups into them which tends to frustrate him. An older child may not have an issue with this, though. The shock absorbers are really nice and work very well. We can "off road" in it and still have a nice smooth ride. If I hit an uneven area of pavement or branches/roots on the trail, it is barely noticeable. Overall I am very happy with this stroller. And, more importantly, it got my son's seal of approval