 I picked this up at my local BRUs store. I've had the snack cup only going on 6 yrs now on an umbrella stroller and got this set for my 3rd child's new Combi Savvy EX stroller. The stroller came with a soft pack accessory holder that angled with the handles of the stroller but I needed more drink holders for my 2 older children and us adults. It has WORKED PERFECTLY for us and I didn't have any problems installing the clamps - more details on that later. The very dark navy set (as pictured) blends well with my black & silver stroller. This is what the set comes with and what it's for: 1) 2 clips/clamps with large & small crews (used large screws to fit around the oval tubing of my stroller) and an allen wrench. I think more clips would've been nice so people could use more of the attachments so I'm going to try to find long screws to replace the small screws I used on the clip on my old umbrella stroller. 2) 3 different sized "C" shaped bottle holders (pop bottle in at the neck) Use small size for normal water bottles, medium for Gerber styled baby bottles & wide-mouthed water bottles (i.e. Propel & Gatorade) and large for Avent style baby bottles. 3) A big cup holder - it was already assembled so we haven't had problems with the arms popping out, as other reviewers have stated. It can be attached to the clips on 2 sides, one where the cup can swivel (why??? I don't know) or the other where it's stationary. 4) Double-cupped snack cup with connected lids that swivel open. 5) A mesh bag that is small (7 x 9.5 inches) but people - I think this bag is to hold all the attachment parts! 6) 2 large "S" hooks and 2 small "S" hooks. They do look flimsy but they work. Keep in mind, you aren't supposed to load up your stroller with heavy items anyway (so it won't tip over) so don't expect to hang your loaded cooler on it! We used both large hooks, one with a bag that held my Bjorn baby carrier and the other with a bag of snacks & small pint sized water bottles in it. I do have the multi-colored "S" hooks from another manufacturer - they are very sturdy and do swivel but they will not fit on the tubes of this stroller. NOTE: I have not seen large enough hooks for the aluminum oval tubes of these newer strollers. So these will be very useful b/c the basket underneath our stroller does hold a good amount but not enough for a productive day at the mall :-) Other reviewers have rated this item low for what I think are unwarranted reasons or high expectations of an after-market stroller accessory. This item will not work on EVERY stroller out there. Yes, the big cup holder will stick out a bit but at the zoo or mall we haven't had anything fall out. Put some forethought into placement of the clamps and you won't be frustrated putting them on. RE: Installation: I recommend closing your stroller first and look it over for possible locations of the clamps. Then when first installing the clamps, test the closing of your stroller before totally tightening the screws. On our Combi, it goes right above the clamps that you pull that closes the stroller and right under the included accessory pack. Later when our baby starts eating snacks I can see a possible place for it right next to the seat frame but then the front rail of the stroller does have 2 cup holders on it so I think we'll really end up keeping the 2 clips up top for us. The location it's at now is angled and yes, your attachments will end up holding your drinks straight. The attachment pieces have an octagonal shape so when you pop the piece in, it can be straight. Taking the piece off is easy, you only need to hold the clamp with one hand and pull the piece off with another. DON'T FORGET to take these attachments off before closing the stroller and throwing it in the trunk of your car b/c the items may pop-off and get lost or they may break. This set has REALLY WORKED WELL for us and the price is good. We were set with drinks for the whole family for a full day at theme parks and the zoo! Good luck