 I've owned my Diaper Dekor Plus for just under 2 years. At first, I thought it worked fine. It was easy to deal with, and easy to empty. The first liner that it came with lasted me 6 months (1 baby - using newborn diapers through size 2's). However, the unit failed to control odors after about 9 months. Since then I've had to hide it in various places of my home to keep the odor to a minimum. Definitely not convenient. The unit has one particularly fundamental flaw regarding odor control. Unlike the Diaper Champ which allows you to deposit a diaper without opening the container and letting odors escape, Diaper Dekor has no such provision. It has two "trap doors" that allow you to drop the diaper in easily, and then they are supposed to spring back into place. Still, no matter how quickly you drop that diaper in, and let the top lid fall closed, strong odors inevitably escape. Also, these "trap doors" are quite flimsy. The hinge on one of them recently broke so that the door no longer springs back into its closed position, thereby contributing to the odor problem. I inquired about a replacement from Regal Lager and they said I could purchase one for $10. Instead I decided to purchase a new Diaper Champ, since I've pretty much had it with this thing. Speaking of flimsy, there are two other flaws I've experienced. Firstly, the plastic foot pedal has cracked and seems loose. It still works, but I have to wonder for how much longer. Also, the door on the bottom of the unit that enables you to cut off the bag and remove it does not close very tightly, once again contributing to a lack of odor control. The door is only held shut by a small plastic latch, leaving a significant gap for odors to escape. Overall, I have not been impressed with Diaper Dekor Plus. However, contrary to what some people say regarding the liner refills, that actually was never one of my bigger complaints. I did not find them cost-prohibitive at all, because you get 3 liners for $20 and I found that 3 liners will last me about 6 months of holding toddler-size diapers. In the 1 year 9 months that I've owned this system, I've only had to purchase refills twice. The only thing I didn't like about it was that I did find it inconvenient to have to purchase liners online (couldn't find any local store that carried them) and wait for them to be shipped to me, especially when there is no indication of when you will reach the end of your last liner. Diaper Dekor is the only system I have used extensively, and I would not buy it again nor recommend it to anyone. I'm hoping my Diaper Champ will serve me better