 I recently purchased this 6 piece set, along with the lamp, hamper & mobile, for our nursery. The colors are vibrant pastel pinstriped shades of blue, sage green, and tangerine with touches of bright yellow. I like that brand new from the package, the material is touchable and isn't stiff as a board. While this is generally listed as 'gender neutral' I think buyers should know there is a *lot* of blue in this set. While that doesn't matter to us, I know some parents prefer more yellows, greens, oranges, etc... for true gender neutrality. The embroidered details (Humpty Dumpty, Cow Jumping Over the Moon, etc..) on the quilt, bumper pad, diaper stacker and hamper are just beautiful. they stand out but are do not take away from the prettiness of the fabric. The accessories are cute but I think if I had paid full price for the hamper & lamp that I would be less pleased. The material of the hamper is great, but the wooden structure is very flimsy. I foresee this getting put inside the closet once baby is crawling or it will easily be pulled over. The lamp has a story book with Hey Diddle Diddle (cow, spoon, dish) on it - very cute - but up close you notice it was not painted well. From a slight distance you don't notice it, but it does bug me a little considering the price. The mobile is cute, but I do not care for the fact that the baby will only see the bottoms of the stars, moon and cow. Not nearly as exciting as the ones that position the animals/shapes down towards the baby. Would not be my first choice for mobiles (I prefer the geometric symphony one), but since I got this as a package deal I will likely use it. Overall: *the material is nice quality & touchably soft *the colors & embroidery are beautiful *the colors do lean a bit more towards a traditional 'boy' room versus a neutral room with light blue as the main color for the bumper pad, the dust ruffle, the hamper and the valance *hamper, lamp & mobile not as high quality products as the crib set I would recommend this crib set to friends & family sans hamper, lamp & mobile. The nursery rhyme theme is classic & well put together here by Lambs & Ivy. I rated this 5 stars simply for the crib set. For the price and the amount of items included it is a great deal. If I were rating the accessories I would not give them more than a 3 for just being average