 Our baby's been getting fussy. We started with gas drops and that nipped the problem in the bud. Then a couple of weeks ago, feeding time turned into a battle zone. Screaming, back arching, twisting and writhing, spitting formula while passing gas, burps sending formula up along with air. We were desperate. So I ran out and bought these bottles. The Good: The moment we switched, the screaming stopped. HOORAY! We still get a little screaming if we didn't get the bottle assembled properly and we have leaks, and it seems slightly harder to get burps out of baby, probably because there's less air going in so it takes longer to build up a good solid burp. The Bad: These bottles in the 3 pack only come with the stage 2 nipples. The flow on those was too fast, baby was drowning. I bought a bunch of stage 1 nipples and WHOA, we went from 125 mL per 30 minutes to 45 mL in an hour. I tried letting baby build up her sucking strength on these stage 1 nipples for about 3 days, then finally, out of desperation, came here to read reviews and see what others had to say. I bought the narrow Dr. Brown's Level 1 nipples. Baby's sucking had evolved by the time I got those home, and unfortunately, she sucks so hard after having used these crummy Playtex stage 1 nipples that she drowns some more when we use the alternative nipples. This solution would have worked well had I got these nipples the DAY that we noticed how slow the stage 1 Playtex nipples were. Needless to say, I thoroughly read through the instructions since the screaming had stopped and I was able to process information again. It recommends that you bring the nipple tip where the hole is closer to where baby's lips come together, meaning, don't allow more than 1/2 the nipple in baby's mouth while she's sucking. This has worked perfectly and we are now back to 100 mL in 30 minutes. PTL! The Ugly: In addition to needing a stage 1.5 nipple desparately (Come ON Playtex, Puuuuhleeeez!), the parts are a bit awkward. Not like Dr. Brown's, but you have the nipple, the ring, the bottle, the disk, and the vent cap. Lots of pieces to clean and keep up with, but easy to handle if they keep your kid from screaming at you for hours on end. Also, you are not supposed to use a bottle warmer on this. Guess what, I tried it anyway. Sometimes a bit of formula will leak thereby requiring cleanout of the bottle warmer. But it isn't too bad and we have been using the bottle warmer anyway, seems to be working out just fine for us. Take my advice-ASSEMBLE THE BOTTLES WHILE BABY's SLEEPING, YOU CAN'T SLAP THESE THINGS TOGETHER DURING A SCREAMY BABY EMERGENCY OR YOU WILL HAVE A MESS ON YOUR HANDS (and everywhere else). Bottom line is that our baby is eating again. So I would recommend, I just take away one star for the bad/ugly portions of my review. Edit: These bottles WERE a TEMPORARY answer to our prayers. However, we have switched to Avent bottles and they have worked great for us for two weeks now. My advice to parents looking for bottles to solve feeding issues-buy the smallest number possible and give it 5 days. If it looks good on day one and is the same kind of good by day 5, it's safe to sink more money into it. But if it isn't going to work out, it will be obvious by day 5 or sooner that you haven't found "The Answer"