 When I registered for my baby shower, I inadvertently registered for the regular Ventaire bottles as well as the Natural Shape bottles (which is what I was wanting), so my review will discuss both types. NATURAL SHAPE VENTAIRE For starters, the Natural Shape bottles are good for babies who are breastfeeding, because the milk doesn't flow out when the bottle is tipped over. The baby really has to suck to get it out, and it has to open its mouth wider due to the size of the nipple. Feeding my son with a stage 1 nipple took a REALLY long time. Approximately 40-45 minutes. However, I tried a Stage 2 nipple when he was about four months old, and the milk flowed out pretty easily. So quickly in fact that he got really mad and refused to eat because he was getting choked. I switched back to Stage 1 nipples, and also began relying heavily on the regular Ventaire bottles. He is now 5 months old and we have switched to Stage 2 nipples in the Natural Shape bottles, and he is doing well. He tends to finish a 6-7 oz bottle in about 10 minutes. These bottles are a lot wider than regular bottles, and he has a harder time trying to grasp and hold these bottles. REGULAR VENTAIRE Now for the regular Ventaire bottles. I found these bottles to be the better of the two for us. Although I had initially breastfed, and chose the Natural Shape bottles for that reason, I had to quit breastfeeding at four weeks. So the issue of having a nipple that wouldn't confuse the baby was no longer a concern for us. The regular Ventaire bottles had no flow issues, even with Stage 1 nipples. He finished his bottle faster with this type of bottle and seemed to have no problems with the speed of the flow. We switched to Stage 2 nipples a couple of weeks ago and the transition was smooth. I didn't notice him getting choked, and he doesn't have to gulp as quickly as he does with the Stage 2 nipples on the Natural Shape bottles. These bottles are also slimmer, which makes it easier for him to try and grasp and hold the bottle. Now for the operation of both types of bottles. They have a plastic disc that fits into the bottom ring of the bottle, then the bottle screws on, and finally the nipple in its ring screw on top of that. On the regular Ventaire bottles the disc fits snugly into the bottom. On the Natural Shape bottles, it has to fit into a little notch, and it is easy to think it's in right only to find out that its not (ie, when the milk starts leaking out). We heat our bottles in a pan of water on the stove, and the bottom rings have a tendency to hold water. So if you use this method, you need to tap the bottle sideways on the pan to shake out the water in the ring, and I usually hold a dish towel up to the edge of the ring as well and tip the bottle so that all the hot water comes out. If you don't, when you tip the bottle to feed your baby the hot water will run down onto your hand (or the baby's hand if s/he can hold the bottle). This isn't really a reason not to buy the bottles, just something to be aware of. Finally, some people have wondered if babies swallow less air with this type of bottle. I have two older children that I used standard bottles with, and I have seen no difference between those and these Playtex bottles. My son still burps just as much as the next baby. Occasionally during feeding you can hear some air leaking out, but overall, I really don't think it makes any difference