 I bought this booster seat after considering other seats from Cosco and Britax. This one stood out for value, simplicity, safety, and convenience. At first, I considerd a convertible booster seat that also has the latch system along with 5 point seatbelts, but decided against it because my son at his age and weight (3.3 yrs, 35 lbs) does not need all these extra features in an extra bulky be-all car seat. The latch and 5 point features are intended more for a recent 3 year old, while a toddler from 3.5 years to 10 won't need it, so why bother with all this extra stuff? You don't need the added bulk and complexity for features that will only be used for .5 more years. The B510 premier is the top of the line and latest from Compass, which has more durable fabric, wider side supports, and a carry bag. My son loved it at first sight, and it works great. There is no neck support though, so you may need to buy one of these separately for long road trips. My son was literally propping his head up with his arm on the arm rest when he passed out in the car. The price of the B510 was $[...] with free shipping, and given the free carry bag which has a retail value of $[...], it makes this booster seat about $[...], which is the price of the older B500 model. The only thing I have had to get over is that booster seats in general are not secured onto the car seat with a latch, but instead, rely on the seat belt to keep my son and the seat in place. When driving around without the kids, seats like this need to be secured even if a child is not sitting in it. The base of this seat doesn't look like it'll rip into my car's leather seat, and the headrest adjusts vertically easily. I will need to buy a seat protector anyway though, since my son uses the car's seat as a step stool to get into this booster seat. Also, you will need to train your kids when they can unbuckle the seat belt because it's easily reachable. The only shocking thing to me was that this seat comes with an expiration date, and is not recommended for use after 7 years from date of manufacture. Therefore, it's not meant to be kept forever and used as a hand me down for siblings