 VERY IMPORTANT NOTE: DOT NOT TURN ON SYSTEM BEFORE READING THIS. You have to open up the parent receivers and plug in the battery pack before usage, then Charge the system for 16 hours. DO NOT TURN SYSTEM ON WHILE CHARGING FOR THIS FIRST TIME!!! I did a lot of research on monitors and found this one to have pretty good feedback on several parents' websites. With most items, there are pros and cons... see below: Pros: -You will not pick-up any feedback from the neighbors. This is a significant improvement from monitors in the past. ABSOLUTLY NO INTERFERENCE! -Great reception. You will have no problems picking up your child with this. I can take it outside and work in the yard, with confidence that I will know when my baby needs me. -Interchangeable AC power cords make it easy to move the system around to different rooms in the house. -Lightweight and compact system. Cons: -The biggest issue is battery life. HORRIBLE BATTERY LIFE, TYPICALLY ONLY 3-4 HOURS at a time! The battery drain on this system is almost a deal breaker in my husband's opinion. This system comes with the options of 1 or 2 docking stations, I HIGHLY RECOMMED the one with two stations because the system is constantly running low on batteries and and can recharge while the parents portion is on the dock. Or the second receiver can be used while the other is charging on the dock. -With any power interruption the child's unit shuts off. The parents unit beeps and flashes red to inform you of the issue, but it can be irritating at 2:00 A.M. to have to get up to turn it back on. Graco really needs to find a way to have the system stay on at all times that it is plugged in. -Belt clip does not work well with normal amount of movement. The system is better left unattached to belt, unless you want to be constantly picking it up from the ground. -A bit expensive. A little of both... Pros/Cons: -Sound: Pro: Great sound, very clear. In fact I can often hear dogs barking outside with this monitor. Con: Picks up on every little sound because it is so sensitive. For the light sleepers, on the softest level still can be very loud. -Loud, every 5 seconds, parents warning: Pro: Beeping will let you know that system is not functioning correctly so you can fix the system. This was nice for us one day when the baby's system had fallen and came unplugged. If the system had not beeped, we would not have known. Con: Annoying beeping while searching for signal... a startling fact in the middle of the night. *Overall the system does what it should, but there a few area's that could be improved. I gave it 3 1/2 stars but rounded it up.*