 I owned the Quattro Tour single stroller, and was so excited when the Duo version came out. I ordered it without ever seeing it, and it has definitely lived up to my high expectations. Simply stated, this is a heavy duty deluxe version of a Duo Glider - worth the extra money if you can afford it. The seats are large enough for growing children - I have a one yr old and a two yr old, and I foresee they will both fit in the stroller for a couple of years. I "test drove" all other double strollers at Babies R Us and Baby Depot, and they all seem to have low seat backs, which won't give any head support if the child falls asleep. The stroller itself is heavy, so if you have to lug it around or upstairs, keep this in mind. I keep mine in the back of my truck, so just getting it in and out is no big deal. I read other reports stating it is hard to steer, and I have had no problems with steering at all. One thing I can say, is if you are a tall person, this stroller is awesome because of it's higher handle grips. I am 5'9", and my husband is 6'4" and we both use it with ease. The underseat basket is large, and there is an additional "cubby" under the front seat great for extra storage. Parent cupholders and child trays/cups are designed well. Fabric is high quality. The only minor thing I am annoyed with is the low quality seat restraints ("Seat belts"). My single Quattro Tour and DuoGlider both had high quality padded seat belts with much better buckles. This one has very low quality nylon straps and marginally acceptable buckles. (I also received my box in very poor shape - open & crushed on one side. I only noticed scratches to the stroller, so didn't feel it was worth going through a return process for cosmetic issues. What is up with the shipping???) ***ULTIMATELY*** After hours of "test drives" and quite a bit of research, I would recommend this over all other equal and higher dollar strollers. It is overall very high quality, and for those worried about style, it is a very sharp looking stroller in person