 I received this bassinet as a gift while pregnant with my second child, after telling my mother that the second time around I wanted a better bassinet that has a side that comes down to access baby easily (the one I used with my first was a cheap hand-me-down bassinet, which was fine, except I couldn't see the baby or pick her up without having to basically get up out of bed). This was a great find! My son is almost 5 months old now, and he doesn't want to leave this bassinet (but it is definitely time, he is big for his age and is really outgrowing it). Things I am happy about: * I am able to see him without having to hardly lift my head at all, and can pick him up without having to strain or get out of bed... WONDERFUL! * This is the mini co-sleeper, and is small and unobtrusive. Fits nicely next to my side of our bed, with not a whole lot of extra room in that space. Easy to tote around when traveling as well, once broken down is quite compact. * Folds up very easily, similar to a pack-n-play but even easier I think, once you know how to do it (take the mattress out, press the buttons on the rails and fold). * Has a great little place to store extra blankets, the instructions, the carrying case, etc, below, in a zipped-up compartment. Things to note: * The mattress is a bit hard (basically like a pack-n-play mattress, a board topped with some padding and a polyester or whatever material cover), so I top it with the sheet it came with, along with a blanket that I tuck tightly under the sides. * The mattress does not sit flush with the side rails. The lowered side rail sits at the same level as your bed, and the baby mattress is a bit lower than that... so the bassinet is not exactly an extension of your bed, you cannot just reach across and scoot baby to you (I thought it would be like that, but it isn't)... but actually I like this a bit better after all. * They sell leg extensions that raise the bassinet to the height of your bed if need be. We needed the extensions, and after putting them on the lower side rail was at the same level as our bed. The extensions made the bassinet a bit wobbly, which worried me some, but turns out it is just fine, even with my 2-year-old bouncing around in it! * Our little one did end up with his head against the side on a few occasions, but like someone else wrote, the one side is mesh, and he was just fine. You kind of have to make sure the mattress lies level in its spot, kind of hard to explain without a visual aid, but basically the board in the mattress creates the level surface, underneath it is just a mesh screen that has Velcro to connect the sheet (which also has Velcro) in the right place. Hopes this helps in your decision-making!