 I've used all sorts of medela pumps, hospital grade Lactina, Symphony, and the PIS advanced is just as good if not better. I didn't like the Symphony at all b/c the diaphragm that goes on the machine has to be really tight or it won't have good suction (which is most of the time). I'm on my third PIS advanced. With my first child, I had the PIS advanced backpack, first generation, and pumped for a year. The amount of milk was adequate (had enough frozen away for extra month after I stopped). I just didn't like the faceplate (I broke 3, where you attach the tubing to the faceplate), and the storage space for the backpack is very limited. Then I bought the PIS advanced shoulder bag with my second child. The storage area is better but the faceplate is still the same. Then the PIS advanced limited edition came out. I saw it and fell in love with it. So I had to get it. It's the nicest one thus far and long overdue. The motor sits in a separate bag and the tubing can fit in the side pocket. There is no danger of breaking the faceplate. I can just carry that to and from work. I have two sets of parts, one for home and one at work). The bag has lots of storage space and best of all, it's chic. They have blue, chocolate and black. It also doubles as a diaper bag for me. As for hands free pumping: the only reason I was able to pump for a year fist time and now 11mo and still going is b/c of the hands free pumping kit. You have to get the Medela softcup bras (they're comfy anyway) that supports handsfree pumping. There are 2 tabs inside on the bottom and one latch on the top. You don't need to buy the whole hands free pumping kit; you just need the loop and hook attachment (part #3007073). That hooks onto the top of the bra where there is a latch. Then you tie a rubber band (thicker kind from any office supply store) around the tabs (3 of them, two sewn in the bra and one from the loop and hook attachment). Then you put the breastshield with connector with bottles attached on your breast. Then you loop the rubber band separately around the connector (the part where you're suppose to attach the tubing). Connect the tubing, Viola, it should stay there snugly. You don't have to hold them anymore. You can also use this method with the softfit breastshield. If you have larger breasts, use bigger rubberbands or link two together. Now you can massage to get more milk, eat lunch, type on the computer, whatever (just can't lie down). You can buy adapter for avent system and pump directly into their bottles, or other brands. And there is no need to pump every 3-4h after your milk supply is established... that's insane. In the first few weeks it may be necessary to establish supply. I pumped 4 times a day and was able to get min 30oz a day (I was bottle feeding breastmilk exclusively), then slowly decreased to 3, to 2 to 1 as my baby got older. The key is to pump all the milk out (with massaging and squeezing your breast) and then let it run 1-2min longer. Also, use the maximum suction you can tolerate (this will increase and plateau as you pump). If you want to decrease supply, just pump shorter and longer period of time lapse in between pumping. If you want to increase, pump longer and more frequently as well as drink more water/eat more. I could increase and decrease my supply at will, even without breastfeeding. I pumped directly into 9 oz or 11 oz avent bottles using the avent adapter (avail at Babiesrus). There are other systems out there. I used the lansinoh milk storage bags to store my milk. I store about 10-12oz (max 12oz) in each bag, squeeze all the air out, and deep freeze it for 6mo. I know lansinoh suggest less than that, but it can be done as long as you get all the air out. The trick is to use the side of a table, push the milk up to the ziplock and squeeze close the ziplock as the air is pushed out. Since there are two zippers, a little milk can leak out of the first zipper to help get all the air out. The bag will expand in the freezer just fine. Once it's frozen, just don't nick the bag (b/c it's easy to damage it) and it will stay fine for 6mo in a deep freezer. Even if you do damage the bag, it's ok. it's just a pain when you thaw it. When you thaw the milk, you might see a little precipitate, but baby likes the milk just like it was fresh. Happy pumping