 We bought this thinking our son would love the neaty gadgets and sounds... We had several major issues with it. 1) The pee guard. It doesn't really latch on and STAY on. Our son was irritated with the pee guard we he was first learning and kept ripping it off the seat then throwing it accross the room. As luck would have it, when I would go retrieve the item, he would pee and since there was no guard, the pee would go everywhere BUT in the seat/ pot. To resolve this I had to use special adhesive for plastics (super glue didn't work AT ALL) which took 24 hours to set which interuppted our potty training. It also turned part of the seat yellow which made it look dirty even when it was not. But I had no choice- the guard HAD to stay on. 2) The sensors were too sensitive and would go off even when he did nothing. He could just sdjust his position in the seat and it would tell him he did a great job going potty even though he never went. 3) The sounds and gadgets were TOO distracting. He wanted to play with them and would turn around in the seat and this would sometimes be when he was about to pee and it would end up all over me/ the floor/ whatever was nearby. I finally just took the batteries out and told him it was broken. 4) When he was ready to use the actual potty, we took it apart per direction and placed it on top of one of our toilet seats. Everytime he pees I have to hold down his "bits" because the seat does not go all the way down to make a seal between the potty seat and the toilet seat, thus it leaks out from under the potty seat onto the toilet seat and then down the front of the toilet and onto his pants/ underware/ etc. The pee guard is useless for this feature. Sometimes even when I do hold his stuff down, if he wiggles or moves, then he is not in position... There is only one position he can be in or it will go all over the seat and down the toilet and onto his clothes. It was the most expensive toilet seat available at the store. We thought we would be getting a top quality seat from begining to end of our son's potty training experience. The price is what motivated me to try and make it work for us. Finally, I threw the darned thing in the garbage and just got a circo toilet seat with a pee guard for the toilets. It was the least expensive toilet adapter and it turned out to be the best. If we have another child, I am going to get the basic toilet seat/ no frills and the inexpensive toilet adapter. Both together were a fraction of what we paid for this seat and would be a million times less aggrevating. DON'T waste your money