 Several months of research combined with real-world experience pushing my nieces and nephews in different strollers brought us around to the Bob Revolution. We wanted a stroller that could handle rough/uneven sidewalks, cobblestone streets, and off-road trails. We also wanted to use the same stroller at the mall, grocery store, and small shops. We have a compact, lightweight stroller for travel, so we focused on three-wheelers with air-filled tires, a rotating front wheel (a must-have feature for 3-wheelers!), and a canopy with excellent coverage. We looked at strollers from Mountain Buggy, Valco, Baby Jogger, Phil & Ted, Dreamer Designs, etc. (we were willing to spend a good amount on a quality stroller, but we were not about to go for a Bugaboo). We decided on the Bob Revolution and we have been very happy with it. PROS 1. It is very easy to push over all kinds of surfaces and up hill as well as to steer with one hand. 2. The canopy is by far the best we've seen on any kind of stroller. 3. The front wheel swivels 360 degrees and can lock. 4. It folds/unfolds easily. 5. The seat is roomy and seems reasonably comfortable. 6. The shock absorbers do more than on the few other strollers that have shocks. 7. For a stroller of this size/category, it is not too wide, so we can bring it into small shops and navigate tight aisles and turns easily. 8. Although not compact, at least this stroller folds up to a decent size that is easy to fit into a car - most strollers in this category are much longer and a little wider than this when folded up. 9. Wheels are easily removable. 10. Not too heavy - lighter than similar strollers of this type. 11. Plenty of accessories available. 12. Good, rugged build quality. 13. Wheels are made of sturdy plastic = nothing to rust. CONS 1. The seat does not recline very far, and it requires you to adjust two straps (one on either side of the top of the seat back). 2. The footrest is not adjustable, and I would have preferred a metal/plastic kick plate. 3. When you fold the stroller, it is a little awkward to carry because the front wheel sticks out and you can't keep it folded up without rigging the wrist strap - a simple locking mechanism would be better. 4. Storage basket could be a little bigger. 5. Handlebar is not adjustable, however it is high enough for me (over 6' tall). 6. Seat could use a little more padding. Our son seems to be more comfortable in our little Combi. 7. No included accessories. Keep in mind that this kind of stroller is typically stored in a garage and not folded up all the time. This is an excellent stroller and worth the money. FYI, here's the main reasons why we selected this stroller over similar ones from: Mountain Buggy - canopy doesn't provide much sun protection, too big when folded, seat seams uncomfortable (hammock style, limited padding = squishes the child's shoulders in); great build quality though and easy to fold up. Valco - too difficult to fold up, expensive; fancy stroller with good padding; optional toddler jumper seat looks uncomfortable for toddler if used more than briefly. Phil & Ted's - seems less sturdy, fabric footrest too close to wheel so kids can actually push and impede the front wheel; optional second seat is innovative design, but sacrifices the storage area. Alternative: We were'nt able to actually see/test one, but the Boogie by Zooper looks interesting because it has a great feature set, adjustable footrest with kickplate, full reclining seat back, and comes with great accessories. Apparently, the 2006 model has been redesigned to be lighter and fix some issues in older models