 OK... so I've been told the Symphony is the Cadillac of breast pumps... but with a price tag of $[...] who can afford that?? Renting it cost $[...] a month if you can find a place to rent it.. I did and used it for a month.. I honestly was not totally impressed for the price. Then I read up on the swing this pump ALSO (like the symphony) includes the Medela 2-Phase Expression Technology - the new standard for unsurpassed naturalness, comfort and efficiency. AND after buying it.. I liked it BETTER then the symphony. Infact I think it works just about the exact same, which is crazy of Medela when the price is SO different. I have tried the Medela Pump in style as well as the Avant Isis and this one is the best. I would highly reccommend this pump. POSITIVES: This pump is portable. Comes with a travel bag, runs on batteries OR you can plug it in. The pump itself is about the size of a Hardees Hamburger. The breast shield is soft and very effective, you can control the speed and it has the letdown mode as well that automatically turns on after a few minutes. The breast shield is soft and comfortable, the suction and speed is the same as the symphony, the pump is SIMPLE to use, FOUR buttons-you can't NOT figure it out easily! It is FAST and emptys your breast totally. NEGATIVES: (I have to stretch on this one cause I love the pump) It's not quiet, I don't know why the other review says it is.. It's actually louder then I thought it should be.. but not louder then the Medela Pump in style or symphony. But just not "quiet" I don't want you thinking you are going to get something you can pump with at the front of a mini van and noone in the back is going to hear.. It's a Single Pump... I know.. DUH.. but it is a negative, if only they made a double with this size base, I'm almost tempted to buy another. I highly reccommend this pump, as a mom of three, I've tried a lot of pumps.. I think Medela is selling this pump short saying it is like the pump in style, I think it is comparable to the symphony!