 I have purchased several diaper bags and received several at my shower. As a person who loves pocketbooks, I'm horribly picky about any bag. But a diaper bag especially should be functional and stylish. The COMBI urban sling is just that. At the time of this writing, I've only had it a week, so I can't speak to it's durability. What you can't see in the pictures on this site are the many pockets in the bag. The front flap closes messenger-style via velcro. There's a zipped pocket which spans the width of the front flap inside the front flap. Upon opening the front flap velcro, there are two pen holders and two compartments/pockets which will fit a wallet, or checkbook or even diapers if that's where you want to put them. There is a zipped compartment on the side of the bag which holds one bottle. This is the only drawback; that only one bottle can go in the insulated compartment. However, in the part of the bag which is the deepest, there are two deep compartments and one zippered compartment on top of a spacious inside. The bottle thing was remedied for me by putting another bottle on the inside compartment in a ziploc bag ( to keep the temperature). The shoulder is heavily padded in the middle of the bag, which is a joy on my shoulders. And the key holding section is convenient as well. On the back of the bag is a compartment which holds a large changing pad. This is one of the best features as the changing pad itself isn't bulky and taking up oo gobs of diaper bag space. I took this bag to the hardest possible test site: the suburban mall. This was his first trip there and I was able to pack two nine ounce bottles, wipes, diapers, a change of clothes, his medicines, disposable changing pads, a receiving blankie (albeit thin), my wallet and essentials and still had pockets in the bag that were empty. With the rubberized shoulder pad I didn't have to worry about the bag falling off of my shoulder as it rubbed against my shirt. (I know I'm not the only one who is sick of readjusting bags on their shoulder over and over). And the way it is designed, it leaned flat on my hip instead of jutting out. Made turning those store corners with a stroller much less difficult. And the bag came in super handy on his doctor's visit yesterday in the middle of heavy rain. The material seems waterproof. I really love this bag. As I'm on maternity leave now, I am using it strictly for the baby. However, as someone who works in social services and is often at meetings and in the field in neighborhoods, I can see using this bag transitioning to work upon my return. If it holds up, it also seems the perfect bag for those theme park trips. Overall it was money well spent.