 My daughter is only 2 and a half, but she is off the charts for height and weight. As such, she simply didn't fit into her regular car seat anymore. To be honest, I was a little apprehensive about switching her from a car seat to a booster seat before the age of 3, but she was VERY uncomfortable in her car seat and would cry whenever we stuffed her into it. So, I bit the proverbial bullet and bought this booster. One feature that really interested me in this seat was portability. My father lives out of state so we will be doing a lot of traveling. I wanted a seat we could easily check on an airplane. This seat fit the bill. The seat is not as compact as I would have hoped, but it is no bigger than a small piece of luggage and could be easily carried onto a plane. However, I think this seat will be a little cumbersome to "carry on" if you are trying to manage getting onto a plane with a 2 and a half year old and everything else that comes with her (coloring books, portable dvd player, snacks etc); so I will more than likely check this seat. As such I am going to order the carrying case (I saw in some reviews that some folks checked the seat in the box it came in, but I find that to be too cumbersome). As for the seat itself, my daughter LOVES it. She is very comfortable in it and calls it her "big girl seat" -- no more fights getting her into her seat!!! I LOVE that it has a compartment to store the owner's manual in so that you always have it at hand. Also, even though it is not a five point harness, I feel my daughter is very secure in it. I love that it has the wrap around headrest, and the height couldn't be easier to adjust -- we figured it out before we even opened the manual. When you thread the shoulder belt through the "catch" under the headrest, it positions the belt correctly over your child's body so that he/she is not choked by it. (Make sure you pull the belt all the way out and then let it slowly wind itself back until it is taut over your child -- this will lock the belt in place). I would have given this seat five stars if it folded down a little more compactly and/or came with the carrying case (it has a built in handle, but if you are going to check this on a plane, I would feel more comfortable having it in something to protect the fabric from ripping, staining etc). Overall this is a GREAT product which is comparably priced to other full booster seats which don't fold. I have recommended this to my friends