 My son is 7 months old and just started sitting in high chairs at restaurants and shopping carts. So far, the Clean Shopper is working pretty well for us. The fabric is thick, so it doesn't make a tiny package. It also doesn't fold up neatly, so you have to kind of just wad it up. It isn't cushioned, but if it were it would be huge, and I have enough issue trying to carry my son, a cart cover, my purse, and whatever else I might need. Besides, he doesn't really need cushioning. Even at 7 months, he's perfectly comfy on the thick bedspread-like fabric. The Clean Shopper comes in a thick plastic bag (the sort of thing bedspreads or other linens come in) that zips closed. It's a snug fit to get in there because of the wadded nature of the bundle, but it works fine. The handle is short and taut, so isn't of much use. A longer strap so it could be shoulder worn or hung on a stroller would be better. The loops work well, and it's a relief to have a clean place my son can sit and play with anchored toys. He can't throw the toys in the floor, and he stays entertained. There are velcro tabs on the front that can be fastened around the front of a shopping cart or high chair. This keeps it in place better. The leg holes don't match up exactly with whatever he's sitting in, but it doesn't cause a problem. My main problem with the Clean Shopper is that the belt strap does not attach to the seat. It's a completely seperate piece. Unless you are careful to snap the belt clips together, looping the belt around a part of the seat, you will end up losing the strap. Somehow I've lost mine after only a few uses. I kept it rolled up inside the thing when I removed it from a cart, and it probably fell out in a parking lot somewhere. When handling a baby, your purse, whatever is in your cart (or trying to eat at a restaurant), it is very easy to overlook such a small item. Since the website sells replacement straps, it seems they are aware of the issue. It's a shame they don't have velcro tabs that stick it to the back of the shopper, making it harder to lose the strap. I've ordered two replacements in black, so I can see the strap more clearly against my blue Clean Shopper. I will also make certain I buckle the strap clips. It's a good seat cover overall, definitely worth having. Just be careful of the strap