 We love this crib - we looked at several bassinettes and pack-n-plays because we wanted to have our baby in our room with us for the first few months before transitioning her to her big crib in her room, but we also wanted something versatile that could be used for her to play in (we have hard wood floors and I wanted something I could push around the house from room to room so she could be with me). This crib is so much more attractive than pack-n-plays but functional and lasts so much longer than other cradles or bassinettes. One of the biggest advantages is that it fits through doorways, which the pack-n-play does not, and I had wanted something I could roll around from room to room. This was useful when she was a newborn and we wanted to keep her in the room with us, or just push her to the next room where we could hear her. I also plan to use it to roll around the house when she is older and is using it to play in. The nice thing about it is that it works just like a regular crib with the side that lowers and the mattress level which has two settings. The other reviewer is right, you can push it up to your bed if you want a co-sleeper type of bed, and you could even lower the side down for easy reach of the baby. I have not used it this way but it would be the perfect thing if my baby got sick. Tho other thing I love about this crib is that as a sleeper or play area, it lasts much longer than a bassinnett or cradle - as long as a pack n play- I believe up to 50 pounds. Finally, it is really nice looking, and since we have it in our master bedroom, I wanted something that would be cute and not bulky or would stand out too much. This one is really attractive. Negatives: The mattress is pretty wimpy, which is why I gave this 4 stars. But she, at just 6 months, is still sleeping on it at night and seems to be very comfortable in it. For the next baby, I will probably look around for another mattress. The other negative is that the crib does not travel too well - unlike the pack-n-play. It does fold up for easy storage, but unless you have a minivan or SUV, it is still pretty large to store in a trunk - it does not fit into our volvo 4-door car trunk. I would also recommend buying one of the port-a-crib bumper pad sets (around 40-50.00) from Babies R Us because they fit this crib the best. I bought the 15.00 Koala Kids bumper pad and it is too big and buckles around the bed, so I only recently started using the bumper pad for fear that she would press up against it at night. But you need a bumper pad with the crib as they get older because they start sticking their legs and arms out the slats while asleep. Nice crib - good choice.