 This accessory system does not fit my Kohlcraft umbrella stroller. I can find a place to put the parent cupholder, but there is no place at all to put the child's snack tray. The stroller will not close when it is attached anywhere on the stroller. The whole purpose of spending the money on this "system" (which was considerably more expensive than others in the store) was for my child to have a snack tray. Therefore, it's going back to the store. There are plenty of other cup accessories out there that are far cheaper than this... even the Prince Lionheart cupholder alone was very expensive... The product itself is also very cheaply made. The "s" hooks look so flimsy I wouldn't trust them... again, they sell thicker, sturdier "s" hooks that look like they will work much better than this, so that's what I'll purchase. Plus, the parent cupholder is also extremely flimsy... already the "arms" have fallen off several times and that was just moving it from the table to the kitchen counter! Thirdly, I'm not sure if it was the "clips" that came in my packet (perhaps a defect) or if they are all made this way... but it is extremely difficult to get the screws into the clips... and then they didn't fasten correctly. No matter how I tried (I worked on it for close to an hour and I consider myself pretty good at these things!), I could not get the clips to tighten properly. They continued to be loose... even with using the smaller screws. Perhaps my stroller tubing is "too small"??? Very unlikely, but it just might be the case. This is going back to the store, where I will purchase the insulated parent cupholder for $5, a package of two (thick) "s" hooks for $3 and my child will have to learn to "deal" with holding her snack cup and straw cup. I will save myself $10, a headache and backache from attempting to continue to get this on correctly, and my child will get the added bonus of learning to be responsible for her own items!!! Do yourself a favor and don't bother with this product!!!