 I've owned this thermometer for three years now, and I still love it....even though I ran out of probe covers a long time ago. My husband and I both use it, and it works great on our 3 year old boy. (The beeping of the thermometer makes him giggle, even when he's sick.) As far as the probe covers go, we've found that it works just fine without them. We use rubbing alcohol to clean off the probe tip in between uses, just as we always did with the old-school mercury thermometers our parents had when we were growing up. Yes, the instruction book for this ear thermometer says that the probe covers help ensure accuracy, but we haven't found that to be a problem. Keep in mind that this thermometer is ONLY for use with babies OVER 6 months old because the ear canals of newborns aren't large enough to accomodate an ear thermometer. Exceptionally accurate temperature measurements are very important for newborns (so use a different type of thermometer - not an ear thermometer), but usually all we really need for older babies, children and adults is a measure of "normal", "a little above normal", or "significantly above normal." In my opinion, if the temperature is over 101, you ought to be calling your pediatrician anyway. If the probe covers really do matter to you, pull out that instruction manual and READ IT. It specifies that you can use any brand of probe covers and recommends a particular model number of Walgreens brand covers. In my opinion, The First Years company is being VERY helpful with regard to the probe covers - the instruction manual does not say "You must buy ONLY our brand of probe covers." Instead, they make it clear that just about any brand will work (as long as the style is similar) and even specify a brand that is readily available from a particular national drugstore chain. The factor that DOES significantly affect accuracy is how you hold the thermometer and the ear. The instruction manual includes both descriptions and diagrams that show how to hold the child's (or adult's) ear and insert the probe tip. It's VERY important that you use the right "ear-holding technique". For smaller babies, you pull the back of the ear STRAIGHT BACK and hold it while inserting the probe tip. But for older children and adults, you pull the top of the ear UP and hold it while inserting the probe tip. When I neglect to hold the ear in the proper position, I always get inaccurate results. (I know for a fact that my normal temperature is not 95 degrees, but that's what it reads if I hold my ear incorrectly.) When I hold the ear in the correct position (depending on the age and size of the person whose temperature I'm taking), I get very accurate results. My guess is that the people who have complained about the accuracy of this thermometer did not read the instructions, because the diagrams in the manual show you quite clearly how to hold the ear and thermometer. Also, some of the reviewers mentioned getting inaccurate results on their young babies (e.g., 3 months old). Remember - this thermometer is NOT for babies under 6 months. It's not intended to be used for newborns, so you shouldn't expect accurate results when you use it on a newborn. Plus, I can't imagine trying to stick the probe tip into the ear of a newborn. That would hurt! So, my bottom line is that this is a GREAT thermometer, as long as you use it properly. And, the probe covers really aren't a big deal. Get well soon! :