 It took me several weeks before I finally opted to purchase the Decathlon rather than the Boulevard. I was very interested in the extra side-impact protection that is only available in the Boulevard model but was concerned about whether or not my large 4&1/2 month old son (who is in the 95th percentile in length and weight) would need the adjustable crotch strap positioning that is only offered on the Decathlon. I am so glad that I purchased the Decathlon! It turns out that my son DID indeed need to have the crotch strap adjusted to the last slot (he would be sitting on top of the buckle in the Boulevard at this point which would have made it impossible to buckle and very uncomfortable for him). If you're purchasing for a thin toddler rather than an infant or chubby/big baby you might not have to worry about that. I love the extra padding (which is removable, unlike the pads in the Boulevard) and the soft cover (which is machine washable unlike that in the Boulevard). He seems to be VERY comfortable and I know that he is safe. I know that it doesn't offer as much side-impact protection as the Boulevard, but it does offer some (definitely much more than a conventional car seat) as it is made to far exceed American safety standards. Plus, if your baby is placed in the middle of the back seat than that offers some additional protection as well. I was also concerned about the size of the car seat and whether or not it would fit comfortably, rear-facing, in the back of my Toyota Avalon car. It does. Perfectly! My husband is 6'4" and doesn't have to move his seat up to accomodate the car seat in back (something I was very concerned about). AND I can see out of the rear-view mirror with no problem. It DOES NOT block your view at all. It's very easy to install and, if done so properly, doesn't budge. It is a little tough to adjust the straps when it's installed rear-facing but not too difficult... and even if you had to take it out to adjust the straps it's no-biggy because the carseat takes only a couple moments to install EASILY and it's not like you'll have to adjust them on a daily basis or anything. I am very pleased with my purchase and highly recommend the Decathlon to anyone looking for a SAFE, COMFY and ATTRACTIVE carseat that will take them from the chubby baby stage all the way through the toddler years. :o)