 I bought my 7month old daughter the nicest model of the infant safe seat(it's the central park pattern)about a month ago. Before I dared buy any kind of car seat for my daughter again I made sure that I read over every parent review I could find(So I thank those who have reviewed this before me, they were a big help). I found a few complaints that I had about about this carseat myself after testing it out in the stores. I'll post a few possible solutions that I've found. Complaint #1: It's too big to fit on top of shopping carts. I don't like it, but apparrently you're not even supposed to put carseat/carriers on shopping carts. It throws off the balance of the cart and can cause the cart to tip over super easy from what I've heard. I think Graco actually makes them so that they don't fit for that reason. Complaint #2: The metallic or nylon-like fabric is uncomfortable for baby My daughter hated the metallic and nylon fabric when I tried her into them in the store so we bought a pattern that didn't have it(Central Park). You can check gracobaby.com to see other patterns that don't have it. Thats where we found ours. Complaint #3: The waist of the belts are at an angle leaving marks on the babys' thighs. My daughter got marks the first time she wore a sunsuit in it but now I just pull the dress part down between her skin and the belts. The angle though is so that the waist belts will sit at the pelvis(or as close as possible on a newborn), which is the safest and the ideal place for them to sit on the baby. Complant #4: Its' too big to fit most cars I thought for sure it wouldn't fit in our car especially because our Snug Ride barely squeezed in the backseat. But oddly enough this thing fits better into our old beat up 1992 Chevy Lumina(the sedan not the minivan)than the snug ride did. And if you've ever seen those old cars you'd know that when the front seat(s) are pushed all the way back there's pretty much no room for ANY kind of rear facing carseat. With the Infant Safe Seat installed PROPERLY my husband can still put the front seats all the way back. And this thing still fits into cars better than ANY convertible carseat. Before deciding on the infant safe seat I had tried the Graco, Evenflo, Britax, and Eddie Bauer convertible seats into the car. Complaint #5: It's heavy and bulky. It is bulky, but how else could it accomadate the higher weight and height limit. As for being heavy Graco says it only weighs 5 pounds more than the old(20lb, 26")Snug Ride. In Babies 'R' Us I tried holding our old snug ride(26",20lbs) and the infant safe seat in both hands to compare the weight and even switched hands, but couldn't tell a difference. I also tried my daughter in it and carried her around the store. I think because of the size it makes it easier to carry the bigger/heavier babies, because my 18lb 27" daughter is a lot more difficult to carry in her now out-grown snug ride. And I like that even once I no longer carry her around in it I'll still have the convenience of a travel system beyond the first year if my daughter's sleeping. That's something that no other carrier (or convertible carseat) can offer. Complaint #6: It doesn't fit in the over-turned wooden highchairs I made it a point to try the carrier in restauraunt high chairs when i got it. I have tried it at 4 different restauraunts and have not had any more trouble than i did with the snug ride. So far from what I've seen they've fit perfectly. Complaint #7: The stroller that matches the carseat is quite large Most of the patterns only offer a Quattro Tour stroller to match it, however the 3 nicest patterns/models, Samba, G Collection, and Central Park also offer a matching MetroLite stroller, and the Fusion patter also offers a matching Mosaic stroller, however the Pierson pattern ONLY offers a matching Mosaic stroller. The Quattro Tour stroller is a FULL SIZE stroller so it is heavier, bulkier, and has more nifty features, than the MetroLite and Mosaic stollers. So keep that in mind when choosing a stroller. Complaint #8: It's too big for newborns. The 3 nicest patterns/models of the infant safe seats come with infant head&body support, though it isn't the greatest and if it doesn't work for your baby then you can just buy the Kiddopottomus Snuzzler infant head&body support. It's actually reversible and made out of that super soft velboa material on one side and the other is soft woven fabric. I had to buy one for my daughter when she was born because she was only 6lbs 12.5oz. She was so small even her snug ride looked like it swallowed her up when I buckled her into it. I've actually seen other reviews recommending the Snuzzler for the newborns who're going in an infant safe seat. Complaint #9: The head support that the carrier comes with doesn't work You even have to buy separate (double)head supports for the snug rides (even the ones that come with a single one) unless you buy one of the nicest snug ride models that comes with double head supports. The head support that comes with most Infant Safe Seats is made more for older napping babies. I recommend the Especially for Baby Double head supports if you don't get the Snuzzler because they're made of 100% jersey knit cotton, the back of the head supports are slightly padded, they're deeper than any other head supports I've seen, so they hold babys' head better, and you can get them in quite a few different colors to match your car seat