 My 3 year old (38 inches tall, 30 lbs) needed a new car seat since his younger brother was in need of the other convertables we have (an Alpha Omega Elite and an Evenflo Triumph V). I did oooodles of research and this Boulevard seat looks very comfortable and I liked the height/weight limit. Only my son hates it. The issue is with the crotch buckle. It's not that it's anymore further back than others, it's just that it's too short. There needs to be an extra two inches of strap beneath it, like practically every other carseat on the market. He grabs at his crotch (he doesn't wear diapers) and says "ouch" when I buckle it and/or refuses to get in the seat without a struggle. The little pad thing they have attached doesn't appear to do all that much. I did try this rear-facing to see if my 8 month old (29 inches, 20 lbs) had any issue with comfort and he didn't appear too. It seemed fine for him. The latch straps, which shouldn't be twisted to attach, have to be twisted in order to attach to the seat in my minivan (there's only one way it fits). I'm not impressed with that and will probably use the belt if we keep this carseat. Also, something that bugs me is the buckles that snap into the crotch buckle, only one of them actually "snaps" in, the other doesn't give that "it's buckled" snap like its partner no matter what I do. After all the Britax hype I've read, I really expected a little better. I like the lever adjustment on the Alpha Omega Elite's headreast versus the knob on this one. While this carseat looks cushy and nice, and I'm sure safety wise it's top of the line, I think we're going to sell it and just get another Compass booster seat like I bought for our husband's car (my son LOVES that seat). We've never had trouble getting my son to ride in a carseat until I bought this one and I can't wrestle a 3 year old several times a day into a car seat. If you're buying this for an older child, you might want to have them try it out first to see if they find it comfortable