 I bought this doll because at the expensive price, I figured it would be the best. It definitely is not. Patty is cute, but that is the only good thing about her. To fill up her bottles, you must squeeze and insert into a glass of water, then squeeze again until water shoots out and then reinsert into the glass of water again. It requires it to be done in such a particular way that only an adult can fill the bottles with water, no small child will be able to master the precise way it takes. Then, to feed Patty you must hold her very still at an exact angle, where she is almost standing up. Most children cradle their baby dolls in their arms, but Patty will not drink in that position. Even in the standing up position, most of the water spills out of the tiny hole for her mouth and soaks her outfit. It takes 5-10 minutes to fill Patty up. Most children don't have the patience for this and lose interest, as my daughter did. Plus since she has to be perfectly still and at an exact angle, only an adult can feed Patty her water. Then, to make her pee, you must press her thigh very hard. This distressed my daughter because she thought I was hurting Patty. Once I assured her Patty was ok, then she was upset because she was not strong enough to press hard enough to make Patty pee. My daughter is 35 months old and a lot of children start training earlier. At 35 months old, my daughter was not able to fill the bottles, feed Patty or make her pee. Only an adult can do these things due to the complexity of the bottles and feeding and peeing systems of Patty. So my daughter quickly lost interest in Patty and started squirting water all over the bathroom instead with the bottles. The whole "teach the doll to pee" part of the potty training was lost. I wish I had gone to the store and bought a cheap wetting doll instead. Then I e-mailed the company to complain, but of course received no response. And you can't get a full refund if the doll has been used. In fact, getting a refund at all is extremely difficult, I have just given up on that. Don't waste your money. This doll is too expensive and cannot be used by a child, which defeats the whole purpose. Go to your toy store and buy a cheap wetting doll. At least that way, if you don't like it you can return it, unlike Patty