 My wife and I purchased this baby monitor in preparation for the arrival of our first child, and after using it for almost 2 weeks I could not be more disappointed. We were drawn in by the promise of a clear connection that would prevent others from listening in, but the many drawbacks far outweigh this one advantage. This is one of the more expensive and highly rated baby monitors, but you certainly don't get what you pay for here. Pros: 1. You do get a clear connection when the unit is in range (see cons for a further explanation) Cons: 1. The biggest complaint I have is the battery life. Even with the parent units on the lowest volume setting, you will not get more than 5 hours of use without having to recharge. You will know when you need to recharge because the unit will start beeping loudly every 5 seconds until you put it back in the cradle to recharge. This is a great feature to discover during the middle of the night. The nursery unit is even worse, as it does not take rechargeable batteries and will eat through 3 AAA batteries in 6 hours unless it is plugged in. Why they even allow this unit to operate without being plugged in is beyond me. Basically all of the units have to be plugged in at all times. 2. I have already had a couple instances where the parent units will simply not connect to the nursery unit. They just sit there and beep like they do if you are out of range. This required a couple of off/on power cycles of the nursery and parent units to correct. 3. The range is not ideal. I have a 2800 square foot, 2 story house and we have already had 1 issue where the parent unit would not connect to the nursery unit. Granted, the units were about as far away as they can be in our house, but considering this distance was only about 60 feet, I do not think it is unreasonable to have complete coverage in our house. 4. As other reviewers have noted, the lowest volume setting can be too loud if you are a light sleeper. Since the speaker is always on, you will hear any ambient noise in the room amplified and played on the parent unit. Several other monitors on the market have noise thresholds and will only transmit the sound if it is above a certain volume (i.e. if the baby is crying as opposed to shifting in the crib). Also the LEDs are also extremely bright in a dark room. Unfortunately I cannot recommend this product. We are making due with it simply because I refuse to throw away a $100 baby monitor, although I'm sure I would be much happier with a different product. If you can deal with leaving the units plugged in at all times and only taking the parent units out of the cradle for short periods of time, then this product would probably suffice, although I'm sure you could find a much cheaper product that would work just as well