 I can't believe anyone would give this stroller a good review. We have 10m twins, and have been using the stroller for about 4-5 months. It's terrible. PROBLEMS: 1. NO SUN PROTECTION. the visors are locked in place. Unless the sun is directly overhead or at your back, it will be beating in your babies' eyes, and you'll need to buy a non-Peg Perego sunshade accessory. 2. HARD TO STEER. It gets stuck going across the lawn and on compacted dirt. If the sidewalk buckles just an inch (common from tree roots), the stroller is stopped dead in its tracks. It's hard to steer in a straight line, so it's easy to get stuck when going through narrow doorways or down narrow sidewalks. 3. IT'S FLIMSY. The bottom of the storage area underneath stretched and sagged after a month of use. It now drags on the ground and rubs against the wheels even when nothing is in it. The cupholder broke during the first week. 4. HARD TO UNFOLD. It takes two hands to unfold and you have to give it a vigorous shake to get it to completely unfold and snap into position. Don't even THINK about about trying to set it up with a baby in your hands: you need both hands free to deal with this thing. 5. BAD CUSTOMER SUPPORT. The stroller comes with no weight/height/age suggestions. When we first tried to put our twins in it, they were swimming in it, and couldn't be upright. When we called Peg Perego and asked how big the kids should be to use it safely, the support rep said " don't know." Yes it's lightweight and folds up nicely. But the light weight is actually a drawback; it means the handle and legs are flimsy and wobbly -- resulting in a stroller that's difficult to steer. My advice would be to seriously consider jogging strollers. Even if you aren't an active parent -- I'm not -- get something sturdy with big wheels to get you over the dips and bumps and cracks and patches of sand, dirt, and grass that you will encounter. If stroller size is the most important factor to you, look at "stadium seating" strollers.