 My almost- 3 yr old daughter needed a new umbrella stroller (she's tall, but still gets tired sometimes, especially if I take her shopping). I researched the options and picked the Maclaren Volo. My first stroller before it was Chicco Capri, and it always bumped against my legs, which was annoying and uncomfortable. When the canopy broke, I got rid of it and decided on buying a new one for plane travel and local outings. The Volo seemed great - light, handsome, convenient, and highly rated by parents. I ordered the stroller and, upon unpacking it, was quite pleased with its appearance. I read the instructions and learned to use it. The stroller seemed sturdy, well-made, and easy to maneuver, not to mention chic. The washable seat was a good idea, I thought. I liked how large it was (perfect for an older child), and how easily it moved. When I took the new Volo around the block, I noticed that one of the double back wheels was not aligned properly (one was higher than the other and did not rotate, which caused the stroller to make a scraping sound). Then the other set stopped rotating when one(!) pine needle got stuck in it! I had to carefully remove it with my hands in the middle of the street. Needless to say, that's not the quality I expected, since every parent I know raved about Maclaren. The canopy kept sliding off the rails, as well - something you would NOT want at the airport, with your toddler and luggage and the car seat in tow. When I got home, I looked at the wheels closely and tried to adjust them, but to no avail. They were flimsy (I could dent them with my finger if I wanted to!), way too small and just poorly designed. I immediately packed up the stroller and returned it to Amazon. I was very disappointed. One would think that for such a high price, the wheels would be usable - after all, they are the most important feature of any stroller. I will stay with Chicco and order a C6. At least I know that the wheels are great, and you can't beat the price