 Perhaps if I hadn't already had a different type of bunting, I wouldn't be so disappointed with this one. My sister loaned me her Eddie Bauer bunting when my son was born. She will be having her next baby any week now, so I had to return it to her which meant I had to buy a new one. I saw nothing but great reviews on this product, so I picked one up. First of all, I followed the washing instructions, washing it separately on delicate and drying it on low, and it ripped at the one seam!! Based on that alone, I will be returning it. Aside from that, having used a bunting with a different design, I am not thrilled with this one. Part of the point of using a bunting is so that when you're in a car where you have heat, you can open up the bunting on a longer drive so baby doesn't overheat. This bunting zips down both sides to the bottom (by the way, zipping/unzipping is tricky with a baby kicking around; the zipper gets stuck in the material a lot), rather than down the middle front (that style zipper was NEVER a problem). Then you have this thick cover at baby's feet and nowhere to go with it, as the bottom of the carseat is up against the back seat of the car! So you either have to rig it so it is up the back of the seat and tucked under the headrest, or you have to leave it on baby's legs. Also, the top of this bunting does fold over so that baby's face isn't covered unless you want it to be, BUT...my 5-month old has no problem picking it up and pulling it up over his own face. He did it this morning on the way to daycare. This bunting is too thick for me to feel comfortable with him doing that. And I can't be reaching in the back seat to pull it down off his face! There is no disputing that the concept of a bunting is great, and that this particular bunting is toasty warm. It is wonderful being able to put the baby in his carseat and strap him in safely w/out a snowsuit being in the way, or having to bundle him up before going out and unbundle him every time you get to your destination. But I don't think the design of the Urban Bundle-Me is great and I actually think this bunting is TOO warm (even with the bunting open on a long car ride the other day, my son's back was all sweaty when we took him out of the carseat). After calling several stores and looking at all my options at Babies 'R' Us, I ended up ordering a new Eddie Bauer All-Season Bunting from Target.com (which cost less than $20 including shipping). I can't wait till it gets here. I will be returning the $60 Urban Bundle-Me as soon as I can