 I absolutely agree with this review: "You will NOT get your moneys worth..., February 26, 2006" We bought this stroller per the recommendation of a friend of ours. We have the sable color, which I see is not sold this year... but I digress. We have been using this stroller for eight months with our eight month old and are absolutely fed up with it. My biggest complaint is the steering. The front wheels slide sideways over any smooth surface and if we're not on a smooth surface, it feels like I am pushing the stroller into a brick wall because they don't rotate to allow me to push the stroller forwards. I am always backing up and turning in order to get the front wheels to align so I can get where I want to go. Shopping is a joke with this stroller because I cannot get it to navigate the aisles easily. The shoulder straps are attached to the back of the stroller with a little plastic tab which, really, doesn't seem like the best way to keep a child's shoulders restrained. It ends up coming out from the tab holder and my son is virtually only wearing a lap belt. This is fine now that he is able to handle a 3 point instead of a 5 point harness but when he was younger, this got on my nerves. The adult cup holder is a joke, so we took it off and my son figured out how to take the kid's cupholder out so it doesn't stay in any longer as well. Oh, and the thing folding down so that the handlebar catches the sunshade complaint is spot on. SO FRUSTRATING! Not a big deal, really, but poor design because the sunshade prevents the handlebar from locking the folded up stroller in the folded up position most of the time. I just remembered also, that the sides of the padding in the seat area, when I used this stroller with our Graco Snugride car seat, would bunch up and prevent the car seat from sitting securely. I would have to prop the edges of the padding in the seat area underneath the arm-rests of the seat area (the parts that say Aria) before I put the car seat into the stroller seat area so that it would sit deep enough to latch onto the cup area and allow the security strap to go over the carseat snugly. If Peg Perego could fix the steering, I think I would be able to live with the rest of my complaints but the steering factor is enough for me to trash the whole 9 pound thing now that I found another stroller that steers so much easier with my 22 pound 8 month old son