 After reading the reviews this sounded like an easy choice. I was VERY wrong. When I first plugged it in I could not believe how quickly the wipes heated. I thought it was great. I did think they were way too hot after they were in a while... but a quick shake after I pulled one out cooled it down enough to make it safe. Then a few days later I was pulling them out and the inner lid popped open... and kept popping open with every change. THEN when I lifed the unit to put new wipes in... my $700 changing table / dresser was flooded and warped! ( I had it replaced!!) I had not known it because the pad and a basket were on the table, too. Same problems kept happening. So I called Combi...Customer Service told me the Instruction Manual states that the wipes are to be left in the packaging. She said that the excess moisture which caused the flooding would be held by the packaging. Of course I could not measure the amount of fluid... but I am not exaggerating when I say CUPS! Even if it did hold the CUPS of water.. so when the plastic pacaking is empty and no longer has wipes, it is filled with excess cups of moisture and then you have to remove that to dispose of it???? And although it is stated... a) there should be a warning to NEVER use wipes not in a package and b) WHY! I bought a large "bag" of Huggies wipes.. there is no package to pop in. Second... she told me that the unit is not supposed to stay plugged in all the time.. and that this too, is in the Manual. So I lookeed at that, too. Not in the "Usage" part.. but on the back under "Cautions" it states this: "Unplug power cord when not in use". Okay.... when you have a newborn.. when are you NOT using your wipes.. LOL! She said it should be plugged in and unplugged several times a day to keep them warm!!! I guess a new mom is supposed to schedule that! AND... if that was an acceptable property of the product.. shouldn't there be a switch?? I would have to move the dresser every time.. or get an extention cord, of course! Crazy! Combi gave me, what I consider, ridiculous answers. They also need to get real when they write the Manual. For the record.. I have written a review one other time to rave about my Little Bissell. This frustrated me so much I HAD to share the info.!!!!!! Also.. this is baby #4 so I am quite familiar with baby products.