 We purchased this stroller for its convenience in the car and for frequent travel. I think it's safe to say that we have an ambivalent relationship with the Volo, not including my 12 month old daughter who would give it a definite thumbs down. On the up side it is very light and folds easily and is compact. Not to mention that everyone gets to see you have a Maclaren stroller in a wonderful shade of orange. The stroller is great for the airport and quick shopping trips when you are in and out of the car. We first purchased the volo without springing for the seat pad. This was a mistake as our daughter was clearly uncomfortable and was unwilling to spend significant time in the stroller. The seat pad did increase her comfort level but she still grows tired of the volo much more quickly than her larger stroller. I think this has to do with the fact that she is not very upright in the volo and cannot shift much in the seat as it offers no support. On top of it, the velcro on the seat pad becomes unhinged each time you fold the stroller - a minor annoyance but a hassle all the same. The awning offers very little sun protection. The mesh cargo area holds very little and is difficult to access. On top of that, you need to empty it completely in order to fold the stroller. When it comes to travel the volo leaves much to be desired. With limited cargo room, it becomes quite unstable if you hang anything on the handles. It has no recline making it difficult for children to sleep well - a problem when you want to spend the day wandering. Further, while it is great to have such a lightweight stroller when getting it in and out of the car, riding escalators and getting on and off the bus, the Volo flounders once you get off well-paved surfaces. We encountered potholes, dirt paths, cobblestones and sand in our tavels and the Volo was a disaster. The wheels would spin erratically and catch in large divets and gutters. Locking the front wheels so they would not swivel provided little relief. Cobblestones were particularly disastrous as the stroller was so hard to manage and such an uncomfortable ride that we ended up carrying both the child and the volo. If I had to do it over, I would opt for a compact stroller that weighs a bit more but offers larger wheels, easy-access storage and a supported reclining seat