 We really enjoy this travel system. Having a car seat that fits into both the base and the stroller allowed us to leave our sleeping daughter undisturbed when moving her in/out of the car. Being off of work for 3 months, I didn't have to feel cooped at home when I could easily take my daughter to the store or the park. As big as the stroller is compared to umbrella strollers, we still prefer to take it, because the diaper bag and other items fit easily underneath, the seat-back folds down (allowing sleep or diaper changes), and it has THREE cupholders, 2 side pockets that can hold other items (burp cloth, bottled water, toys), and a little compartment for sunglasses or cell phone. The basket underneath is accessible hands-free by pressing up or down on the basket with your foot. The stroller fits in the trunk of our compact Saturn 4-door, or if necessary, in the front passenger seat (upside-down to fit in the wide wheels, which are anyway relatively easy to remove). The loaded stroller is easy to guide with one hand, so I can push it if I happen to be carrying my daughter. The stroller is sturdy and smooth enough to take down the street, on paved park paths, and we always use it on the packed sand at the beach (it even works over the brief path over the unpacked sand, if you go backwards). In her car seat in the stroller, she could get complete protection from the sun and light rain with the two canopies, although I found that a draped blanket allowed for more air flow. We took the whole system on a 10-day trip, which included a flight out of town, and I felt like our load was lighter than those we took before our daughter was born. At 6 months, she has just outgrown the car seat (but she's basically off-the-charts in her height/weight), but we still use the stroller now that she can sit up. Drawbacks, all fairly minor: Not easy to close stroller one-handed. Wheels are wider than the carriage appears from the top, so I'm always banging the wheels on something. It takes a few minutes to remove/replace washable carseat cover, but this is probably necessary due to the straps. As with any carseat, we would suggest getting help by certified people with proper installation of the carseeat in your car; we had many questions on installation, particularly since our car lacked the LATCH system. We purchased a second base so we didn't have to remove the one in our car for our trip or for our babysitter's car