 This seems like a really sturdy, lightweight stroller. I just wanted something simple and strong that can get us out of the house quickly--we live in a very hilly, sort of rustic area, so I needed something I could take my son to the park in without hauling out the big buggy. This is really light, and it folds and has a carrying strap in case the boy wants to walk a bit. (There is also a storage bag for travel.) The tires have treads on them, so they can handle steep terrain, and they give a pretty smooth ride over bumps. The fabric is sort of a thick canvas-sy polyester--not removable, but it seems like it could easily be scrubbed/hosed clean if necessary. The seat also has some padding and back support (although, on the con side, it's probably not the coolest compared to mesh). The weight limit is given as 37 lbs, so my 19-month old still has plenty of room to grow--his shoulders are comfortable and his feet don't reach the footrest yet (he is 27 pounds and about 33 inches tall). On the plus side, it seems bigger than the Wrangler All-Weather umbrella stroller, plus it reclines a bit (you unzip/unbutton the sides to allow the fabric to unfold), unlike the Volo. The square canopy is maybe not the greatest (it only covers the face, and could actually sit a little higher I think)--but as for everyone complaining that it falls off, I have found that when you flip the canopy to the back, if you then detach the back flap from the seat, you can attach the side flaps to that velcro on the back to keep it from sliding off. Some people have also mentioned kicking the wheels, but I'm 5'6" and haven't had any problems--I think it's a matter of not standing right on top of the thing since it's an umbrella stroller and doesn't have a superwide wheelbase. I would give it 4.5 stars I think, but am giving 5 because of the great price! I'm pretty happy with this--and my son is constantly trying to climb in, so he must like it too... I figure that with the money we saved, we can buy a nice Kettrike or some other form of transportation the boy can grow into.