 I don't generally write reviews but wanted to praise Baby Trend on the design of this car seat. We were directed to it after the January 07 Consumer Reports review showing this as one of only two infant car seats to pass their more stringent crash tests (TV news showed alarming video of various car seats flying around the passenger compartment after being struck by a vehicle). Compared to our still-new Safety 1st seat, this one is so much better engineered in a number of ways: 1) The base is super easy to install. Click twice into each of the car's two anchor points, then tug on each of the two straps to tighten the base. That's it. Our old seat had paragraphs of confusing directions that didn't leave me as confident as this one. 2) The base has an easily adjustable tilting mechanism and leveling indicator to insure you get the right angle for the baby's head (no flopping). Our old seat had no such system - we used rolled-up towels. 3) The seat has a dial to quickly adjust the seat height as the baby grows. No such system on our old seat. 4) The handle has an ergonomic triangle shape on top for more secure grasp when reaching into the car from the left or right. 5) If the base is not available, the seat can be strapped directly into a car using the car's lap belt. 6) The seat is overall more narrow than our old seat, allowing our two other kids to fit in the back seat with a little more breathing room. Every inch helps. 7) The seat is lighter than our old seat, although it feels just as secure and solid as the old one. All this, and the seat is the same price as our old one. Unfortunately Amazon/Target was sold out when the Consumer Reports issue came out, but I found them in stock online at Wally World, if you are looking to get one quickly. The one for sale here is a better color combo than Wally's, unless you like lime green - but the seats themselves are all the same superb design. Summary: super easy to install and adjust, well thought-out features, fair price! Makes me want to have more kids just to buy more of these :