 Due to the room layout, I needed a double bed rail that would protect both sides of the bed. We don't live near a store that has a lot of choices and after reading many online product descriptions decided that we were going to need to look at several of these "in person" and then decide which one best fit our needs. So we purchased 4 brands of bed rails. After looking at the more detailed information on the box and trying two of them out, we decided to keep the Safe and Secure Double Bedrail by the First Years. To help others, I have attached two customer's photos to this product description. These photos are sketches and photos from the side of the box that better describe the bed rail. Why amazon/Target can't get a least as much information on their website than is on the side of the box is frustrating to me. But that seems to happen many times. This bedrail took about 30 minutes to assemble the side panels and another 45 minutes to fully assemble the unit to the bed. This is in line with the time that the other model we tried out took. The reasons why we liked this bed rail the best are as follows: (1) It is a double bed rail and is designed to protect both sides of the bed. (2) This was the only model we looked at where both sides folded down making mattress pad and sheet changes feasible. (3) The quality of the construction (especially of the spring loaded Locking Pins) was much better than that of the Sleeptite bed rail we looked at from Regalo and One Step Ahead (which is also made by Regalo.) (4) The design made more sense than the Regalo. The installation was more straightforward. Possible issues with this bed rail are as follows: (1) It is only 17" high, so measure your mattress and make sure that it will fit. In our case, our mattress was not a pillowtop and is about 10-11" high, depending on where you measure it. So we were still satisfied with the height of the rail above our mattress. But I could see where if you had a tall mattress this would be an issue. (2) This was the easiest rail to pull up to unlock and fold down. Others had more substantial locking mechanisms. I could see where a toddler who watched you do this, could then do it himself. So we are planning on not doing this in front of our toddler, only during sheet changes. Only you know how inquisitive your own child is about these things and how much of a problem this would be. Despite these two issues, we decided that the good points outweighed the bad and that this bedrail was the best choice for us. However, if we are later disappointed with this bed rail, I will go and update our review.