 As very frequent (often long-distance) travelers, we routinely purchase airline tickets for our daughter so that she can travel safely and comfortably in her car seat on plane trips. We really pushed the size limits of the car seat that integrated into a stroller (the Graco travel system) for ease of use, but once she had finally made the dreaded transition into a larger seat, we tried practically every method for moving the seat, toddler, diaper bag, collapsible stroller, carry-on, etc., from our home to and through the airport without ending up completely exhausted and frustrated. Of all of the options that we tried, the Pac Back was the most consistently comfortable and convenient. I'm not very tall (5'5"), and find that I can manage to wear the Pac Back, stow loose and light objects (such as coats or stuffed animals) in the car seat itself, sling a diaper bag over one shoulder and a purse on the other, and still have enough mobility/agility to bend down and pick my daughter up or hold her hand. (Granted, I look like a Pac Animal, but that's a small price to pay for having free hands at key moments.) The strap system is intuitive to use and seems well-constructed. Compared to a car seat bag, the Pac Back is much more easily removed from the car seat once on the plane, and I have never had any trouble replacing the straps in a minute or two -- plenty of time to have the seat on my back by the time people start exiting the plane. The straps adjust easily enough that my taller husband and I can take turns carrying the seat when we travel together without spending a lot of time situating ourselves. The only drawbacks: you really have to pay attention while wearing what amounts to a giant rigid backpack that you don't bash someone or something while turning, and the straps may have to be removed to go through security IF the x-ray machine has an extremely small opening (only happened once or twice at regional airports). Overall, an amazingly simple but incredibly helpful product.