 We love the Diaper Dekor and have referred it to many of our friends and family! It is SUPER simple to use and the refills which seem expensive at first are actually cheaper than other brands because they last for 2-3 months vs. a week (i.e. Diaper Genie)! From reading the other reviews, I think I can clear a few things up - it seems these people have been misled hence their problems with this product. First, there are 2 versions of this pail - a larger called DIAPER DEKOR PLUS and regular size called simply DIAPER DEKOR. Thus, there are 2 different sizes of refills, PLUS and REGULAR. You can find out which model you have by simply opening the door on the pail - there is a sticker that will have the model on there - if you do not see PLUS anywhere, you will need to buy REGULAR refills - the PLUS will not fit, and vice versa. Secondly, the refills are VERY easy to insert, you simply follow the directions which come with the unit. Basically, you remove the plastic insert, wrap the opened refills from the inside of the insert and around the top - the excess refill wraps around the outside of the plastic and then you sit it in the pail - knot tied in the bottom of the new refill. If you have a unit, this will make sense - if you haven't bought one yet, I probably just confused you - but you will see once you get it that it is very easy to do! Last but not least, the refills that have been on the market for the past year have absolutely no scent at all - I personally would not mind having a baby powder scent but these have no scent. It's not like I will be sniffing inside the pail or anything, so it doesn't matter - afterall, once the refill is in the pail, NO SCENT will come out - not even dirty diapers! Unfortunately, it seems these few reviewers who gave this product a poor rating were misinformed by store workers and their poor review actually had nothing to do with the product but rather frustration stemming from unknowledgable employees at baby stores. I hope this has helped! We've had this unit for nearly a year and absolutely swear by it! It is a GODSEND! No smells and how much easier can you get than just dropping a diaper into the pail and not having to do another thing! Not many other units will allow you to store up to 3 weeks of diapers without a single scent