 This Graco Family Tree Play Yard is perfect for newborns. The setup isn't quite as easy as the description implies, simply because the instructions are all pictures, without corresponding written directions. That said, a little patience the first time around makes setting up and putting away the play yard incredibly easy afterward. The quilted mattress pad serves double duty to wrap around the folded up play yard when you need to take it on the go. I find this especially convenient because it guarantees that I won't leave an essential piece at home when I take the yard with me. The description is a bit in error in regards to the mobile and the music. An attachment that sits on the side of the yard has an incredible variety of settings for vibration, music/noise, and lighting. There are different timed settings you can use to help get baby to sleep. The music is NOT, however, directly attached to the mobile. Also, the mobile sits on its own; it does not turn. That bothered me at first, but I quickly got over it when I realized my newborn didn't seem to care anyway. The changing table sits higher than those on other play yards that I've seen, making diaper changes much easier on the back. The built in diaper holder and baby wipes holder are convenient for those rush changes. The changing table is padded and easy to clean up, though you need to use lap pads or something of that sort, as there isn't a removable pad on it. This is actually to my preference, as it's less stuff for my baby to have to contend with, but may be bothersome to parents who think their baby needs the extra cushioning. When taking this on the go, as I said, it's easy to pack up. One minor drawback is the travel bag that holds the play yard. It doesn't have a handle, and it doesn't fit all the components of the yard. The changing table and the mobile sit at home when I take this on the go. The reality is, if I'm travelling, it's more convenient to not have these extra pieces to worry about. However, I'm not sure how I'll pack them up when my baby outgrows the changing table and is just using the yard itself. I consider that a very minor consideration though. This play yard sits in my living room where it is incredibly convenient because it has space to hold all of my baby essentials so that I'm not having to constantly run to the nursery. I'm not sure what the parent organizers are intended to be for (they look like little soft-sided cup holders), but I've found them to be convenient places to store extra burp cloths, a pacifier, and socks that are just too little to stay together anywhere else.