 I'm a mother of a 21-month-old. I just got a puppy and was having a hard time managing the stroller AND the leash on our walks. This backpack is perfect. It fits me well and my daughter loves it. She asks to stay in it when we're done! I was worried about that because she never liked any of the baby carriers I've tried before when she was younger. You do have to toughen up your shoulders (by taking shorter walks at first) before going on any long hikes, of course. I don't understand the chest problem on one of the other reviews, because the chest strap is adjustable, long, and sits just below the shoulders, avoiding the "busty" area very well. However, it does come out of the box at the shortest setting, so you have to loosen it to fit your frame. The question of being able to "close" the frame with the child in it doesn't seem to be an issue on mine. The stand part folds up easily under the child once the child is on your back. You do need long enough arms to grab it behind you, though. It makes no difference to you or the child if you leave the frame in the open position during your walk, but if you're in tight quarters, you'll want to close it. I did make the mistake of trying to put Aeryn's (my daughter's) feet behind me in the frame at first, which made her knees rest uncomfortably on the frame. The legs are supposed to go naturally forward toward either side of your waist. (The picture on the box helped me figure that out.) It is for kids from 6 months up to 36 months, and comes with a clear rain shield that easily zips onto the retractable sun shield. The rain shield is also helpful in windy conditions- my daughter thinks it's cool and leans over to fog it with her breath. It's not easy to do with a six-month-old puppy jumping around on you, but I've even managed to get into the straps and stand up from the floor with Aeryn in the pack (I'm reasonably fit, and she's just under 30 pounds). This thing is rugged, comfortable, good-looking, and has "be prepared" features like a cellphone holder and a matching fanny pack (that can be carried on the frame, if you'd rather)