 I received my original New Native sling as a baby shower gift back in 1997. I wore it nearly every day for 15 months and then again with babies #2 and #3. Now we are expecting our fourth baby and the fabric is a bit faded and worn (we have the purple one), so I thought it time to buy a second sling. The original is still good as far as the stitching goes and we'll still use it, but I'm a bit tired of the purple color after nine years! :) Pros: This sling is the smallest as far as packing it with you. It's a simple double band of fabric that can be folded up in your bag or purse easily. Men don't mind wearing it (at least my husband didn't), it comes in basic solid colors and doesn't scream "baby!" when you're out and about. Many people couldn't tell I was wearing the baby when she was little. It's a good place for the baby to nap and to cover you up a bit when you nurse, once you figure that out. It's more versatile than other types of baby carriers in that you can use it from newborn to toddler (I've even used it with two-year-olds for short periods when they are tired of walking and the stroller isn't an option). You can carry the baby on your front or back (with experience, this is doable, but mostly for older babies), on your hip (once your baby can sit strongly). It's also easy to throw in the wash when the baby's diaper inevitably leaks or spits up all over it. (No complicated latches, webbing or snaps to clean.) Cons: If you get the wrong size, the baby will hang too low and your back will hurt. My original is the Large size (based on chest measurements from the manufacturer) but I'm going to order a Medium this time. My husband still likes the Large, but he has a longer torso than I. Newborns may need some support in the New Native sling, otherwise you may feel they are swimming in the fabric. I always use a tightly rolled-up receiving blanket and place it in the sling first, then lay the baby's head and back on top of it. This pushes the baby up enough toward the opening so that you don't feel like she's lost in there. Usually I only do this for the first few weeks. After a while, your baby will be big enough to peek out on her own and wave at people. The trickiest thing with the New Native carrier is learning to sling the baby on your back, which enables you to do things like cooking and unloading the dryer while your baby sleeps. You have to put the baby in on your front first then shimmy the fabric around with the baby in it. If you can master this, the sling is ideal for the fussy baby or for all-day babywearing. Highly recommended! Good value for your money.