 I already have a single jogging stroller (not a BOB) and have been happy with it. We are in the process of adopting our second child, which we had less than 24 hours notice about, so a lot of money is going to legal costs, baby stuff, and my time off of work, and as a result I was concerned about spending this much on a stroller, but is was worth every cent. With the BOB Duallie, I am ecstatic, overjoyed, delighted, thrilled and looking forward to my next trip out. For my first trip out, I put my 2 year old and 11 week old in and went for a six mile walk. The trip was so smooth, both kids slept for most of the time. The seats recline enough so that my baby is nearly flat, no problems with his head bobbing around (pardon the pun). The shocks give this stroller an incredibly smooth ride, which transits to less work for my arms. I didn't realize how much effort went into the other stroller, pushing it and turning it. The smooth ride also allowed us to walk faster, a plus when trying to lose weight. The stroller can turn in circles on itself, allowing for extremely sharp turns. Very nice, especially when inside a small store, like Starbucks. The windows up top are well placed enough that I can actually see my kid's face, not just their little bodies. The straps are the easiest to adjust of any stroller I've used. There is extra padding along the shoulder straps to cushion the kid's shoulders. The straps at the waist don't come out of the sides, (this is kinda hard to explain) the strap is attached in the center of the seat, and the sides come around the child, more like a belt and allowing for a snugger fit. Even my 70 year old mother had a great time pushing the stroller. As for the Mesa Orange, it is more like a burnt orange, with brown trim and I am very glad I got it! It is not at all like the neon orange it appears in some of the photos. Be sure to get the tray, I forgot to order it with the stroller. The storage is a little shallow, but being double wide, there is still plenty of room for stuff.