 I own a lot of strollers for my twin sons ((this one, the duoglider, two small single strollers, and a double umbrella stroller)) and I absolutely LOVE this one! First of all, if you want to be a satisfied customer you have to know what the purpose of the stroller is, which is for jogging, or maneuvering outdoors on rough terrain. My husband jogs with the stroller at least once a week ((and has no complaints)), but I on the other hand just adore it for the outdoors. The wheels go over almost any surface, including gravel, dirt, grass, concrete, brick, sand, boardwalk anything, I love it. The seats both fully recline ((individually)) and when they do, the rear of the seat is mesh so you can see your child from behind ((although you would most-likely have to bend down to get a good look)). The five-point harness on a jogger is a MUST HAVE, and this model even comes with comfortable pads as well. The basket is HUGE and holds everything we need for a day at the beach/park/walk around the block, which is very important to me. It is also removable, but I don't see why it would be advantageous to take it off. Plenty of other storage is available behind the seats as well, handy little pockets and pouches to store little knick-knacks. Considering the type of stroller it is, it folds very easily, and I can fit it in the rear of my minivan after removing the rear and front tires ((which is equally as easy to do, rear tires come off with the push of a button and the front has an easy to use release mechanism)). The canopy is enormous and proves for GREAT sun protection when needed! The breaks are FANTASTIC, and stop the stroller in its tracks which is very important if you are jogging, and need to stop quickly, according to my husband anyway. The included wind/rain shield is also very convenient ((can be left rolled up to the top of the canopy, incase there is a chance of rain you don't have to work for 5 minutes to attach it and get the kiddos wet)), but I do wish it also came with mesh covers for mosquitos and other bugs. I do dislike the fact that it is EXTREMELY difficult to turn ((although I have kind of gotten it down to a science, you need to be prepared for the turn and tilt the stroller a bit, the turn is very wide and not that smooth)). I think it would be better if it had a swivel wheel which had the option to lock in place for jogging ((a swivel wheel would actually be extremely dangerous if jogging as you could lose control of the stroller)), but that's just me personally. The baskets are near impossible to access if both seats are reclined all the way, and I have had to wake sleeping babies on a few occasions ((that's why I have learned to put things such as my cell phone and wallet in the canopy pouches, so I don't have to constantly go into the basket)). The canopy is quite large, and if you are not using it its quite a pain to retract as it doesn't go back neatly, and if its a windy day the canopy doesn't always stay up. If you are looking for a good stroller for outdoor use, and don't mind the large size or getting used to turning, then I highly recommend the Tike Tech