 I was a diehard graco fan. When my daughter was born 2002 the Graco Snugride was the top rated infant seat (I put a lot of stock into what consumer reports has to say). The infant seat was great and we got it as part of the travel system. I loved both the stroller and seat, and was very sad when she outgrew the seat around 1 years old. I tried an Eddie Bauer convertible seat next and it was horrible, the straps always twisted and my daughter's head always fell forward onto her chest when she fell asleep. I quickly changed the Graco Comfortsport (the one with the overhead drop down bar) and she loved it. It had more padding, her head rested on the side of the carseat instead of her chest and the straps never twisted. It was easy to get in and out and not too heavy to lug around in airports. When she outgrew that seat I decided to make the switch to Britax. Although the Roundabout was rate #1 on CR I went with the Marathon because the only thing CR didn't like about it was the infant latch (which I wouldn't need as my child was 3yrs old) and it had a higher weight limit than the Roundabout. I own a Honda Accord 4 door and my husband drives a 4 door Toyota Echo (tiny). The seat fits perfectly well in both vehicles in the forward facing position. The Toyota has latch and the Honda doesn't but in both cars it doesn't move. Partly due to the fact that my husband is excellent at installing and partly due to the car seats weight. It is quite heavy, and it can be a pain to haul around airports. My husband usually just loosens the straps and wears it like a backpack through the airport. My daughter loves it, (we have a girly print, not the granite) it has plenty of room for her, she never is uncomfortable sleeping in it (her head doesn't sit on her chest either), and though she's a very bright 4 year old she's never been able to get out of the seat. I love the fact that she can be in it until she's 65lbs with the five point restraint and the straps never twist. Britax also does thoughtful things like adding velcro on the sides of the seat to hold the straps in place when you're putting your child in and having a padded area under the clip so your child isn't burned by the hot plastic in the summer (or freezing in the winter). I plan on staying with Britax from here on out