 This is a wonderful stroller. I'm so glad I took a chance and ordered it, sight unseen. I ordered the red version, which is much snazzier in person than on the Amazon picture. It is fairly lightweight - much lighter than our Graco model, but heavier than those cheap little umbrella strollers, nice and sturdy. But it folds up in an umbrella fashion, so it won't take up too much room in your trunk and could be carried, if necessary. It comes with neat things like a rain cover, sun shade, and cold weather boot. The rain and shade covers are neatly contained in an attachable pouch and the boot fits easily in the stroller's basket. The canopy has a window, provides lots of shade, and is even partially removable to let the breeze run through on a balmy day. Coolest of all, it has a built in mesh pouch that doesn't take up any room but still manages to hold everything I need: sunscreen, hand sanitizer, wallet, keys, cell phone, and sunglasses. It's stretchy mesh, so if you don't have anything it just lies flat against the hood. But it does have a plastic lining, so it's waterproof! Also, it zips, so your things can't fall out and aren't accessible to your two year old, either. The basket is large enough for a medium sized diaper bag, although a small bag would fit best, especially if you want to keep the boot in there. The best part is that everything is snazzy. Everything looks nice, the materials feel great, and it's well designed. The parts that should be removable/washable are. It's a snap to put together (took just a couple of minutes) and everything locks into place in a smart way. It's very easy to fold and unfold. Also, it reclines beautifully and easily, including into a totally upright position. I became frustrated that my Graco model's most upright position was still too reclined for our one year old. The place where your child's legs hang down is neat. It is adjustable, so it could stick straight out, hang down, or even flip up for a very little one (maybe to use with the boot?)... Your kid won't get a weird stroller mark on the underside of their little knees. It has the newer style which I notice most new strollers seem to have where you only have to clip two things in to buckle a baby in. My Graco model (purchased last year) is such a complicated mess. You attach two things together on one side, two things together on the other side, then connect each side into the center. Arg! My son almost always fussed by the time I'd finished. Also, he was always sitting on one of the straps, which easily became twisted. My husband STILL has not figured out how to do this quickly. :) So this is a big improvement. It's also comfy! I can't vouch for that myself, of course. But my son settles down into it and looks perfectly comfortable. With the Graco model, he ended up with his legs flung over one side of the tray and if he wasn't tightly belted in he slouched down a lot. A few minor imperfections about the Zooper Twist. The cupholder is a mesh bag attached to the handle. It works well for a standard water bottle or something, but one of those giant mall-sized beverages might not be so great. You can easily remedy this by investing in a good quality cup attachment, if that is important to you. This stroller is great for me - I'm 5'5. It would be nice if the stroller handles were adjustable. This isn't a jogging stroller. It does offer a nice feature where you can lock the front two wheels so they do not swivel, which makes going over rough surfaces safer and easier to manage. This isn't the kind of stroller that is going to hold everything but the kitchen sink, if you are looking for that kind of stroller. There isn't a cup and snack tray for your child. No clock. This is just the greatest stroller and I'm so glad to dump our awful Graco stroller. Hated. that. thing. This is snazzy, well designed, handy, lightweight, convenient, and offers everything we need