 Final Cut Express HD is awesome. But don't try to learn how to use FCE on your own - buy a book such as Final Cut Express for Dummies and spend some time working through the concepts. I had previously used Adobe Premiere, so making the switch to FCE was not quite the hurdle that is going to be for others. If you make the jump from iMovie, do realize you will need to spend a lot of time learning how to use FCE. If you are going to edit simple home movies, probably stick with iMovie. iMovie is quick and simple. But for professional results, definitely use FCE. But do realize there is a fairly steep learning curve. Once mastered, editing in FCE is quick. I use FCE for professional quality editing work when I need to edit down multiple cameras shooting simultaneously (a feature that Final Cut Pro now makes automatic, but not FCE), and complex editing involving numerous audio and video tracks. I routinely re-arrange my audio from one clip and overlay over another. I also routinely adjust audio levels and mix multiple audio tracks. While FCE HD comes with the Soundtrack application, most of my audio editing is done with the FCE audio tools directly. LiveType is a titling application that also is bundled with FCE HD and enables the creation of broadcast quality titling and titling effects. LiveType is worth the price of FCE HD alone! FCE also includes a huge assortment of both audio and video filters to adjust or clean up original content, or color filters to match the colors between multiple cameras. Except for simple home movies, where I still sometimes use iMovie, I use FCE HD for everything else. I could not produce the type of material that I create without FCE HD. I strongly recommend FCE for anyone wishing to produce professional quality video results, especially those who need to synchronize and mix multiple video and audio tracks and/or use advanced titling features of LiveType. Like most video applications, more RAM is better. FCE sort of runs on my 640 MB RAM Powerbook G4. But it files on the my dual 867 Mhz G4 with 2 GB of RAM (but 1 GB would be plenty). If you are going to be doing video editing, a GB of RAM will be very desirable