 As a user of Norton/Symantec products for the last 10 years it was difficult to make the change, but I finally got fed up with the unintuitive bloated Norton resource hog and made the switch to the Zone Labs ZoneAlarm Security Suite. So far, I am very pleased with my purchase. I feel like I am back in charge of my firewall, and my PC is running more nimbly these days with 5 fewer processes running in the background. There is very little I can add to the excellent review by Amazon user Matthew Morgan as I agree in general with his assessment of the ZSS strengths and weaknesses. I bought it primarily as a firewall and anti-virus solution, and this is where the real strengths of the product lie. The firewall is very customizible, yet can be simplified enough that my un-tech wife can administer it when the need arises. I especially have confidence in the virus scanner after it picked up a trojan on its first scan that Norton had missed weekly for months. Sure ad and pop up blocking could be better but I use Firefox with its integrated pop up blocker, and coupled with Firefox's excellent and free Adblock extension I don't need any help in this area. Similarly I already rely on the integrated spam blocking in Firefox's companion email client Thunderbird, so any ZSS weaknesses in this area are not an issue for me either. If you are serious about stopping popups and blocking ads start by ditching Internet Explorer and Outlook/Express, then you will have less of a need for these kinds of features yourself. Lastly, I would like to respond to another reviewer's recommendation of using a router firewall in place of this kind of client based software firewall. You absolutely should use a router with a firewall enabled, but that is only half the battle as it will only give you inbound protection from port-scanning script kiddies. A router NAT firewall does NOTHING to protect you from Trojans you invite onto your machine via emails and downloaded files you execute, nor will it stop these Trojans from masquarading as legit programs with unlimited outbound access. So yes, use your router firewall, but ALWAYS in conjuction with a good software based firewall on all your clients. A good software based firewall like Zone Labs ZoneAlarm Security Suite