 Since I can remember, the Fantastic Four has always been my favorite comic book. It was not just that the characters were interesting and had their own issues, but it was also that they were human as well as superheroes. The appeal of Ben Grimm, the sweetness of Sue Storm, brash Johnny Storm and the ultra-scientific (and never quite dorky) Reed Richards were a perfect team because they grew together and drew you into their lives. But let's not forget that the FF also brought many novel comic aspects: The Watcher, the Negative Zone, the Inhumans, and of course, Galactus and the Silver Surfer. Growing up with the FF I consider the "Golden Era" of this comic book to be the years in which Stan Lee and Jack Kirby worked on them (up to issue 100 or so). In particular, the issues between the introduction of the Black Panther (one of my all-time favorite stories) to the introduction of Him (Warlock) were particularly interesting. In this 2 year time frame, Dr. Doom stole the Silver Surfer's powers, the Kree resurfaced, Blastaar made his presence known while Reed was in danger in the Negative Zone. All wonderful stories, and Jack Kirby's artwork was at its peak. You can see all of this for yourself in this collection and more. You can read Stan's most eloquent prose and admire Jack's creative capabilities as one of the great comic book artists. You will also be able to see the ebb and flow of stories, how different writers took the FF in other directions, how the comic book floundered and how it was reborn. Indeed, due to its longevity, the FF are not just the indomitable team of 4 superheroes, but the collective effort of great artists and writers that brought these creations to life in the pages of a medium not considered artistic by many. The collection contained in the DVD is all in Acrobat format and are scanned images of real comic books. Thus, you will see yellowing pages, smudges, tears, etc. For me, this is a good thing, because it shows the comics as collector items. (I don't think making an antique look new is a good thing. If an antique is well-preserved, that is OK, but it still has to be an antique.) On the whole, I am very satisfied with this purchase and for a few dollars took a stroll down memory lane in the convenience of my computer or laptop. I still have my own collection, including those captured in Marvel Collectors Item Classics (the first reprints of FF comics that later became Marvel Greatest Comics), but the collection in this set is unsurpassed and well worth every penny