 Having used Vista off and on since the release of the first public beta, I had already become familiar with the interface by the time the final version came out. Menu and computer browsing are different from XP, but no less functional. I think the biggest complaints I have heard seem to be based solely on resistance to change. Change is not a bad thing, and in many cases the web browsing interface makes things much more intuitive for me. Many of the flashy effects are fun to play with for a day or two, but most have now been turned off to divert resources to productivity. My computer is fast enough to handle it all, but I tend to prefer alot of overhead in my processing power. Utilizing the system monitors, I very seldom go above 60% CPU usage, even when rendering full 3D drawings in Auto CAD, so I would tend to disagree with the "system hog" classification. I have also tried Vista Ultimate on slower/older machines, and can see some slowing down of the system, so the best warning here is to heed the minimum requirements. Most other issues that I have heard seem to stem from driver support, and there are several missing drivers for pretty common pieces of equipment. Usually beta drivers are available if you take some time to look, and it is always advisable to gather your drivers together onto a single CD or external drive prior to beginning any upgrade. All of my software has worked so far, with the exception of PalmOne Quick Install and my Lexmark printer companion software. As for Vista, it is a solid, reliable operating system that has so far proven to be secure and free from any major bugs. Constant updates solve the little problems as time goes by, and the enhance customization features allow you to tweak the system to get rid of anything that slows you down or even annoys you. Overall, I would call it far more solid than any previous version of Windows (including XP SP2). All-in-all it was an easy upgrade that left me with very little clean-up work to do when it was complete. As for those calling it a "rip-off" of Mac OSX, you've obviously not spent much time working with Vista or OSX. There are some similarities in user interface, but those are primarily in response to user feedback of what is desired in an operating system. Just because Ford was the first car manufacturer to use the pneumatic tire, does not mean that others were "ripping-off" their ideas when they too began to use them. In a capitalistic society, market demands drive product features, and Vista is an example of bringing more of those demands to the OS standard for PC based systems. While it is not as polished an OS as some might have hoped for, the foundation is solidly laid for add-ons, upgrades, and enhancements in security and functionality that will come over the next few years. I also feel secure in knowing that these upgrades and service packs are included in the price I have already paid. During that same time, I know that I will buy several upgrades for my Mac at around $130 each. The real point is this: "Know what you are getting into before you leap." Check compatibility for all of your hardware AND software before upgrading, and know what you will expect when the upgrade is complete. If you cannot live without a certain piece of your total system that is incompatible, DO NOT UPGRADE til the compatibility is worked out. Simple..