 I have been reading these reviews for a while and wondering whether or not I should upgrade my laptop PC to Vista. Would I be an upgrade success story, or would I be one of the disgruntled reviewers whose PC now performs like a chimp? There was only one way to find out. I bought my laptop about a month before Vista was released, so I was entitled to order a free upgrade of Home Premium from Toshiba. I made the order one day, faxed my proof of purchase the day after, and my upgrade DVD arrived two weeks later. I am satisfied with how fast they sent me the package. Anyway, back to Vista. I'd read the reviews, took the good comments with the bad ones, used the Vista Upgrade Advisor, which told me all of my hardware was compatible with Vista and that I'd have to remove some software and drivers. I did everything I was told. All I had to do now was keep my fingers crossed and hope for the best. The upgrade DVD contained a link to an exe file that launched a help wizard that would guide me through updating my BIOS and removing incompatible drivers before launching the Vista installation. (I did an upgrade, not a clean install.) I didn't have to do anything -- just let the wizard uninstall the programs and reboot the computer when necessary. It involved no intervention on my part. Then came the actual installation of Vista. It was quick and painless (one hour), no blue screens of death or lockups. So far, so good. When Vista launched, things were a little crazy at first, with the OS recognizing new hardware and Toshiba's help wizard installing the new drivers. Things went a little awry at this point because the help wizard stayed stuck on a driver that wouldn't install. It would reboot and try to install the same driver again when it should have moved on to the next one. So I exited the wizard and decided to install the drivers myself (I had already saved most of them on a CD). Installing most of those drivers hadn't been necessary after all, for Microsoft had already installed most of those drivers anyway. The OS felt clunky at first, which meant some intervention was needed. I removed some applications from startup, managed the gadgets on my sidebar, and tweaked it around until Vista worked for my needs. It now runs smoothly. Despite my laptop having only 1 GB of RAM, it purrs like a kitten. Sometimes the OS is a resource hog, but not enough to render the PC useless. I haven't had much opportunity to use all of it and take advantage of its features, but this is what I like so far: * The interface. It's actually prettier than the Mac OS X (which I also own). The aero glass is very easy on the eye. I also like the 3-D flip and live thumbnails on the taskbar. I like the look of the Alt + Tab thumbnails much more than the ones on Windows XP. * The search bar on the Star menu. Of course, we already have that on Mac OS X, but it's nice to finally have it on Windows as well. I'm lazy and I don't like to have to look for stuff so this tool is very useful and attractive for me. * I like that it's more multimedia friendly than previous versions, including Windows XP Media Center Edition. I am able to burn DVDs and CDs and create movie montages with much more ease. (Though this tool is user-friendlier on the Mac.) * I like Windows Mail. It looks nicer and seems more secure than Microsoft Outlook. * It seems more secure. Windows Defender comes bundled with the OS now. I hope this OS can resist malware a little better than its predecessor. * The names of the processes running on the task manager are much clearer now. You get the names of the software and not just jargon like ehtray.exe, which you don't know what it is unless you google it. * Network connections are much easier to handle. My laptop now picks up on my home network the moment the computer boots up. I had to look for the connection and sign on with XP, but now I can go straight to browsing the Internet with Vista. There are, like all Windows OSs, cons as well: * I detest the whole Cancel/Allow thing. They ask me whether I want access to something I've just clicked on! Windows has gone from cautious to downright paranoid. The Cancel/Allow feature could be an useful tool in case an unwanted application tries to access my computer, but prompting me every time I click on a program, and a program I've clicked on numerous times at that, is just annoying as hell. Ugh. * I didn't like the huge desktop icons. So I right-clicked and switched to classic view. * I was lucky to find an anti-virus software that is compatible with Vista and that uses flawless real-time protection gratis (Avast! Antivirus), but I haven't been lucky finding a compatible third-party firewall. Neither Comodo Firewall Pro nor ZoneAlarm (free or pro), my two favorite firewalls, in that order, has released a Vista ready product. (They both claim to be working on it.) I am stuck using Windows Firewall for now. And I refuse to use Norton or McAfee Internet suites. They are resource hogs and overhyped products. Also, I've heard they are buggy with Vista. * This OS still comes with the typical Windows nuisances that I hate, like leaving folders and registry keys after uninstalling a program. I had hoped they'd found a way to fix that, but no suck luck. I still have to manually remove program leftovers. I guess Macs will always be far cleaner than PCs in that regard. * This "innovation" doesn't feel so innovative when you've been using most of the same features for years now. Mac OS X has had all of this stuff for a long time now, so the "Wow!" factor doesn't apply to me. As usual, instead of feeling that Microsoft has created something unique, I feel more like they have finally caught up with everything else that is out there, not only with Mac and Linux, but with other companies like Google and Mozilla. That is all the insight I have for now. I will edit the review as I continue to use it. All in all, Windows Vista is a vast improvement from previous installments and it's lovely eye candy to boot. I love to be ahead of technology and I'm relieved to finally have this on my laptop. (And even more relieved that I didn't have to pay an arm and a leg for it.) I know I'll be repeating this whole process again with the release of Leopard for my MacBook Pro. I also have Ubuntu, Kubuntu and DreamLinux to play around on Live CDs. I love seeing what is out there. As for potential buyers/upgrade hopefuls, all I can say is if you want to upgrade to Vista, give it a whirl. Don't let the negative reviews scare you -- instead, you should learn from their experiences. Use some common sense, from the best of your abilities at least, and make sure to use the upgrade advisor before you install it. Good luck! :