 I can't say enough about Microsoft OneNote 2007. This product is exactly what I have been seeking for a long time...you can save everything from website shots, files, scans, photos, audio, video, links, drawings, free text, handwriting, etc. Just about anything you can think of to compile and organize can be compiled and organized in OneNote. The interface is designed as a series of virtual notebooks that can be divided into sections and chapters, with an infinite number of pages in each section. Each page also has its own title, as well. Best of all, the entire program is completely searchable--even scanned documents are searchable with OCR technology. The searches are lightning fast and extremey accurate, I must say. THis makes the program excellent for datebooks, planners, address books, contact list, agendas, lists, the myriad of things we need to remember, product links for user manuals, genealogy info, cool website links that you don't want to clog up your "favorites" with, and just about any type of research or project. The notebooks are share-able within a network and real-time syncable as well as usable with tablet notebook technology. I do wish that Microsoft had integrated the same toolbar "ribbon" interface that some of the other Microsoft Office 2007 products received... All in all, I think users will find that OneNote is one of the most useful programs available for collecting and organizing information from many different venues. Compiling the sticky notes of my life into one organized and retrievable composite has simplified my existence beyond belief. I highly recommend this product. I am a textbook ADD humanoid, and I needed a simple system that is easily searched. I LOVE the OneNote notebook system. Information is so easy (and--dare I say it?--FUN) for me to find what I need immediately on my laptop. In my previous life, I would easily spend twenty frustrating minutes rummaging through three or four messy desk drawers just to find the little scrap of "important" paper that I remember saving three months ago. One Note is well worth the $79 I paid for it. It is also available as a free trial from Microsoft. Give it a try and see how it can help you simplify your life..