 Working with Photoshop Lightroom First, I click on develop and then click on Basic sliders. Next, I use the sliders to send instructions to Photoshop Lightroom stored in my hard drive's Picture folder. The Metadata allows me to name my photo images. Lightroom does not change my flash card digital numbers. You can Heal photo spots and blemishes with Photoshop Lightroom. Check out the excellent help menu in Photoshop Lightroom. The Remove Spots tool lets you repair a selected area of a photo with a sample from another area. In the Develop module, select the Remove Spots tool from the Lightroom Toolbar. Using the Toolbar Clone: Applies the sampled area of the photo to the selected area. Heal: Match the texture, lighting, and shading of the sampled area to the selected area. (Optional) In the Toolbar, drag the Spot Size slider to specify the size of the area affected by the Remove Spots tool. Keywords become my search engine for locating my edited photo images. My favorite Photoshop Lightroom keyboard shortcuts and Function Keys: B - Add to Quick Collection *D - Loupe view E - Jump to Library in Loupe View G - Grid View in Library module L - Cycles through Light Out modes *N - Remove spots R - Crop the overlays T - Hide/Show Toolbar V - Grayscale/Color Z - Zoom to 100% Control-Click Virtual Copy Function Keys F5 to F8 Various functions *The above missing Keyboard shortcuts letter functions. Excellent Instructions in Photoshop Lightroom Photoshop Lightroom is nondestructive editing of your photos. Your photographs are not changed by Photoshop Lightroom. Your photo changes are stored in metadata as a series of instructions. This saves your hard drive space because you do not have to save your edited photographs. Lightroom applies instructions to the original photo file. This allows you complete control over your photographs. Changes you make to your photo images are reversible. Pro Reaction The answer is Photoshop Lightroom 1.0 developed for professional photographers. This is the Adobe application that is quick and easy to use for editing your digital photographs. Now, you can create your own digital photo style and look. You have elegance and power in your hands when you use Lightroom application. The Photoshop Lightroom tool suite is powerful. You can use Photoshop Elements or Photoshop CS2 for your difficult photo editing work. The fill colors in Photoshop Lightroom are white, light grays to dark gray and black. Lightroom's Library views are grid and loupe. You can use Lightroom's clone stamp features and make virtual copies of your photos. Con Reaction More fill color themes in the preference file would be a good addition since Photoshop Lightroom's interface is black. Different color theme interfaces in the preference file would be a good addition to Lightroom. Keyboard shortcuts is incomplete. The following are the missing letter functions: N - Remove spots, D - Loupe view, Control-Click Virtual Copy. There is no help menu's mention of Function Keys F5 to F8 for Photoshop Lightroom's various functions. Final Notes Photoshop Lightroom allows you to spend less time sorting and organizing images. You have more time to shoot and edit your digital photos.