 Having been an avid windows user (from 95 to XP) my fascination for OS X snuck up on me slowly. Having to run a mac only scientific application, we got a powermac in 2001 that came with 10.0, the very first flavor of OS X. RIght on my first day with OS X, I figured out all the PC equivalents to personalize it to my taste and even set it to share files with PCs in our windows network - just plug and play, no IT help EVER required (Windows XP Pro won't do squat without the IT guy comes and binds it with his magic password!) Imagine you going to a completely foreign place and start communicating with the locals BETTER than the locals themselves...that's how it was! That was when I realized the legendary ease of use and the silent power of OS X. I have OS X on three machines now and one is mac mini as a home server (OS X ships with everything you need - apache, PHP, PERL etc to run professional server at home!) OS X never requires a reboot - except when software update wants a reboot. They run for months sans choking up like PCs that are up for a few days. Besides running your own apache server, you could train an electronic slave called Automator to fetch your newspaper and print the pages you want every morning before you wake up; get organized with industrial quality apps like Mail, iCal and Address Book; get any of the several thousand Widgets to satisfy your fetishes...and I am only beginning to understand the power of this OS. The possibilities seem endless. Trust me - you will not miss windows - you will not regret if you switch. I have not touched my Vaio in years. Speicifically to address one reviewer below: No matter what your field is, you might like, enjoy and benefit from OS X. I know people in many of those categories he classified as 'better off with PCs' that use a Mac as their personal computer (some of them boot windows in it so as to earn their wage as IT specialists for large windows networks - go figure!) Unlike what he claims, IMAP access with Apple Mail is fantastic, easy and delightful. Haven't had a single issue with two and half years of accessing my mail from a MS exchange server. If you have a mission critical application that only runs on windows, even then Parallels can launch Windows XP inside OS X in 10 seconds and you are good to go. I do this for using my MS Streets and Trips. The only deficit in software on mac platform, in my opinion - no good mapping software.