 *This is an upgrade edition* We should cover a few things about the editions before we review Vista. "Starter" is very basic and limited to 256MB of memory. Almost everything good about Vista is omitted. "Home Basic" does not have the Aero graphics flip windows special effects. "Home Premium" has limited networking interaction. "Vista Business" has the extended networking interaction. "Vista Enterprise" has UNIX and Virtual machine support. "Ultimate" has all the bells and whistles. Carefully choose what you want before you make this expensive purchase. Installing Vista is very easy. Checking with hardware vendors for patches and updates is a must. "Windows Vista Upgrade Advisor" will identify the changes needed. Many notebook manufacturers will recommend an updates pre-install patch before a Vista upgrade. A Vista upgrade will identify software on the system that might not be compatible. Depending on compatibility issues with an upgrade, a clean install is also optional and works on notebooks although driver installations must be done after. The install sequence is a matter of a few clicks and Vista is up and running. This might not be so simple if Vista is loaded on a virtualization platform like VMware which requires additional configurations of the BIOS and some other tweaks. We have come a long way since the days of Windows 3.1 insert disc #10. The first thing that strikes the user is the sheer speed at which Vista launches. This is most certainly Microsoft's fastest OS to date. As soon as Vista loads up, low and behold the "gadgets" display appears on the desktop with moving pictures, CPU meter, real-time news feeds, real-time weather, clock, notes, stock exchange, calendar and contacts. WOW, impressive stuff... but let's stop the press for a moment and tell it like it is... gadgets is just Apple OSX's "widgets" ripped-off (some might say that widgets existed before as separate plug-ins from Yahoo called "Konfabulator", but we are talking about this being inherently part of the OS, not plug-ins). It is an Apple invention that is in demand, much like the need for a desktop recycle bin (which Apple didn't patent, doh!). Microsoft settles for just straight out burglary of Apple's innovation and hopes that the user just enjoys it. Truth-be-told, in modern times when everyone is downloading everyone else's stuff for free, Microsoft are even in on the game, and making money of it. However this is all about competition. Since the competition exists (and we may have some things to say about MS and monopoly) we should be thankful that other forces are driving MS to do what it may not have done without these pressures. Who really cares if Vista is ultimately an Apple OSX rip? This is what Microsoft has always been about. At the same time Apple has openly accepted a Command Line Interface, MS right-click save as or open as and Intel chips. Balance things out. If you don't like Microsoft, then you know where to go. Third party software will probably sway you one way or another. However seeing OSx86 boot on VMware on top of Vista is something that makes you stop and think. Linux users simply front `customization' as the bonus to not going with Windows and in many ways they have a big point to make. Vista has the same lockdown Start Menu system. You just can't change it or put any folder anywhere you want. In a way this creates a standard ("Where does Johnny keep his documents on this system?" "Oh yeah, the documents folder!"), while at the same time professional users just want to custom the Start menu the way they like it, but can't. Microsoft hasn't really got a whole pile of originality going on here (although there are many gizmos included and bundled in the Ultimate pack) and for all intents and purposes Vista is OSX. Vista is great. Its fast, fast, fast on a 3Ghz Pentium 4 or 1.66Ghz Core Duo. 1GB of ram will run it no problem. The first thing to do is to open a pile of windows, hold down the windows start key + tab, press tab repeatedly and watch as the screen turns into a flip 3D windows (the new Aero system). Also you can get a thumbnail preview of each running window on the task bar by rolling the mouse over it. That is very impressive. No longer are we pinned down to one desktop. Just scrolling through multiple Windows in 3D is a sight to behold and in the eyes of many will make the upgrade worth every penny. Vista also looks a whole world better than XP and is no longer plagued with a boring sterile look. Vista is art but then again the gadgets play an enormous role in this. Apart from that, Windows now has a beautiful fade in and fade out of the windows, some of which are transparent so you can see windows underneath. This is a whole new art dimension that Windows has never presented before and in many ways thankfully somebody decided to higher a graphic designer with all that money they make. Installing Office 2007 just brings it all to life, but that is another story. 99% of XP software will run on Vista. The only problem comes with software that creates virtual drives and devices. It seems Vista security (although Vista has been cracked already) is trying to prevent people from loading up an ISO on software like Daemon Tools. No doubt however someone out there will punch a hole through that one. 70Gigs worth of software running on XP here has installed no problem on Vista... and no BSOD (blue screens of death) or serious flaw seems apparent. While some software did not like the way it was installed, using Windows own manual driver installation just overcame those issues. For something so brand new it is hard to fault how stable this is. XP users will complain that they have only just learned XP and see no reason why they need Vista. Right now nobody `needs' Vista. However Microsoft has indicated that some games (especially Xbox ports like Halo 2) and software will only be Vista compatible. If you like OSs and like what is cutting edge then don't hold back a moment longer and get it. If you need a system that is absolutely solid, then try out Vista and test on another system for a few weeks to see. You might be inclined to wait for Vista SP1 but to be honest I see no reason why most people can not use this, right out of box, right now. Like I said, I have ported my XP software over and Vista is just as stable... surprise!... well not really. Since Win2K, Microsoft got their stability issues sorted out and Apple seems just as exploitable these days and anybody who does the reading can see that it is. The very existence of OSx86 proves this. Vista gives you a little future boost too and that is probably the main reason to want it. This is going to be the future of Windows OSs for the next few years. The last time Windows released an OS was around the time of 911. It has been 6 years, the longest gap between Microsoft OSs in history, and it is worth the wait, especially imagining what Vista SP2 will deliver on. Many of us are still hoping for a lot of big things to change though. Why are we still using keyboards and why do we have to interface with our hardware this way? Bring on the multi-user touch-screen PC and give us a real show! Don't you think we all deserve it? We do. The bottom line here is that this is stable future-tech. If that makes your eyes go bing then don't hold back a second more and just get this thing. You will be very pleased at experiencing the rush of a new OS once again.