 I got this on request as a Christmas gift last year, along with an M-Audio KeyStation 61es keyboard. The combination of the two works really nicely on my PowerMac. I didn't really start going through the lessons until about a week ago due to shoulder surgery I had at the beginning of the year, but so far so good. For the record, I studied music for about 10 years when I was younger, though not piano. While I still remember much of that earlier training (in particular, how to read music) there's plenty new about piano so that I'm not feeling these early lessons to be too easy (though they may be slightly easier). I do have a few complaints about the program. First, as another reviewer noted, you cannot turn down the volume of the accompaniment / instructor. This makes it impossible for me to hear my own playing when going through a lesson, even with the KeyStation's volume cranked all the way up. So what I do is play the instructor audio once to get the idea, then play solo so I can hear all my flubs and faults (and also when I get it right! ;-D). Second, the program seems slightly crash-prone running on Mac OS X 10.4 (a.k.a. "Tiger"). I've found it will crash at least once in any given practice session, and when I re-launch I'm right back where I started for that session. True, I can just click the right arrow until I get to where I left off, but if I'd been going for a half-hour and managed to get through several screens it's a little irritating. Third, though not a bug, is how the music is displayed on screen. As another reviewer noted, the programmers / designers seemed to feel that 640 x 480 was plenty of resolution, but this means that many of the songs you play cover multiple screens. "When the Saints Go Marching in" took up 3 screens, which seemed ridiculous when I'm on a 1280 x 1024 monitor. Yes, the pages auto-turn for you when you to the end of one, but the first time or two through a song it's very irritating as I'm trying to read ahead and figure out what fingers need to move next. But maybe most importantly, I'm finding that this software, while it certainly teaches the fundamentals of playing well enough, still doesn't fully take the place of a real, live instructor sitting there with me. In particular, I can tell that my hand position is not completely right because when I play the fingers in my right hand (especially my ring finger) get sore rather quickly, like I'm straining the muscles/tendons on the top of the fingers. I've got large long-fingered hands, and even with the full-size keys of the KeyStation I find it hard to get all five fingers seated on the keys without at least two fingers curling quite a bit. Maybe this is normal when you start playing piano, but it would be nice to have someone there to confirm whether I'm doing it OK. I'm certain a live instructor would see anything I was doing wrong right away and help me correct it right then and there. Videos showing proper posture are all well and good, but the program can't see me or tell me that I have a posture problem. All it can do is say that I played a wrong note or that I held a note too long / short. I'm hoping that I'm not developing any other problems with my technique, since I do plan on moving to a live instructor at some point when my schedule opens up and I've become certain that I can devote the time to serious practice. I'd hate to develop some decent playing skills only to find I have to start over because my core technique is all wrong. So, five stars because of the generally good quality of the technical instruction, minus one star for not being able to point out purely physical problems with my playing. Not the program's fault, but I can't give five stars to something that can't perfectly replace a live teacher