 I've been using this piano trainer for about 2 months now, and am up to lesson 100 or thereabouts. I've been spending about 1/2 hour each day with it, on an OS X Mac with a MIDI/USB piano keyboard attached to it. Each day, I start at my "tail" lesson, then work through all of the other ones up to my "current" lesson. Then I do the "tail" lesson again. If I can play it with the computer rating me at 99 or 100%, I declare that I've "passed" that lesson, and move the tail up to the next lesson for the next day. If I don't pass, I keep the tail where it is. At the other, "current", end, I usually move up one lesson per day, unless the current one is particularly challenging. I also usually have one "goof off/preview" lesson where I just relax and try to have a little fun with the next lesson beyond the current one, giving myself a little treat to look forward to. I usually take the weekends off, and only do my lessons if I'm feeling like I want to. During weekdays, I find it is a nice way to just do "something different" after a day at the office, and quickly find myself sucked in; the lesson time passes quickly. The system has worked quite well for me so far. I've stayed motivated and am making definite and consistent progress. The program works very well for the most part. Each lesson displays the sheet music, and has a button that plays the lesson as it should sound. Plus, most lessons have video snippets of an instructor giving detailed examples and hints. Most lessons also have a button where you can play accompanied by other instruments. After you play the lesson, the computer rates your performance, from 0 to 100% correct, and shows on the sheet music where you made mistakes (wrong notes, notes played too long or short, etc.). There are a few bugs in the OS X Mac version. The worst is that the sound volume level for the instructor / example music can't be changed. There's a slider for this in the preferences window, but it doesn't work. The volume is stuck at maximum, so it is far, far louder than the sound coming from my own playing. The other serious bug is that the automatic lesson grader almost always indicates that you've played the final note of the lesson too short, even if you hold it down far too long; this seems to be especially true if the final note is a whole note. The other bug I regularly see is that a window will pop up saying something about the script interpreter crashing. This doesn't seem to cause any problems, but it is annoying. Other than that, the program seems solid. It uses a better piano sound than the one that comes built-in on the Mac; it still isn't realistic like the ones on the Casio and Yamaha keyboards, but it's good enough