 The average person doesn't usually have the cash on hand to hire an estate attorney at $300+ an hour to put together a will or living will for them. The average person with kids is even less able to afford it but the irony is that they need it the most in order to assure their kids are taken care of and that involves additional intricacies related to trusts, guardianship of the kids and such which makes the whole thing cost even MORE. Now that my custody arrangement has gotten sticky, I'm remarried and have something in the way of assets, I decided to spend a few bucks on my will. Key to that notion is 'a few bucks'. I still didn't have thousands to spend. So, I bought a copy of nolo's Willmaker Plus. If you're like me, when approaching the topic of wills, legalities, living wills and trusts, your gaze kinda glazes over and you realize that it is all very big and very complex and far too big or complex to 'get' without a law degree. This software makes it a no-brainer. It asks you questions and you either fill in information (like someone's name) or answer yes/no to very clear, easy to understand questions. Where free form text is allowed, you get very clear instructions and examples. It also adjusts the questions and forms depending upon what state you live in and what options you selected on previous questions. Most importantly, you don't just go through this experience blindly. It guides you through each step with detailed background information and explanations and offers reference material on each item beyond even what's offered in the instructions. At the end of the process, you know what you filled out and why. At the end of each form, it automatically saves it to a saved library of forms that you have filled out for quick access later and gives you the option to preview, modify or print. The printed copies come complete with signing instructions and notary and/or witness fields. Having all of the contact information for everyone together before hand and a general idea of what needed to go to who, it took me about an hour to create a will (complete with a UTMA), a living will, a temporary guardianship letter for my son and his step dad, a final arrangements declaration and automatically generated letters to my executor and elected health care agent. It is exactly what I needed. It's quick. It's in plain English. It's easy. It's cheap for what you get, which is essentially hours of an attorney's time for a fairly cut and dry task and peace of mind that everything is taken care of.