 I work in IT, for a Cable ISP. I used to swear by Norton's products, until 2003. After the 2003 Antivirus, their products have been junk, however with the only other mainstream security software out there pretty much being McAfee (which is wretched, stinking garbage and I've never known anyone who had it to NOT get a virus), I considered it to be the lesser of two evils. At my work we frequently refer people to Trend Micro's Housecall, and the consensus amongst my colleagues seems to be that it does the best job of cleaning up infected systems for those of our customers whose service is suspended due to virus activity. I found that dozens of people were recommending the housecall scan over those of Norton, McAfee, and even the program that our company partners with to provide our free customer security suite. Upon finding out about Trend Micro's 30 day free trial, I decided to give it a shot. I think it's a great program, and is as user friendly as possible for the amount of features it has. It loads quickly and isn't a resource hog. I think it's really cool that you can see the mac ID's of people connected to your wireless network. The bad reviews of this program frustrated me. You can't fault a product for having 'larger updates than Norton'... I'd RATHER have a suite that was releasing more updates that were greater in size than Norton - how novel to find a security suite that does its job! It's not Trend Micro's fault you live in the boonies and use dial up. And I don't think it's fair to give it a 1 rating just because you have a particular type of epilepsy where that is what sets you off... If I am eating at a restaurant, and somebody next to me is wearing perfume that triggers a migraine headache for me (also a recognized medical condition), I don't give the restaurant a bad review. After all, the food was great. The only thing I don't like is that if you are trying to change the licence key for the version you have on a machine, there isn't an apparent way to just change the key... so I took the ten minutes to uninstall and reinstall the program, and then enter in the new key (literally, I think it took less than 10 minutes). Keep in mind kiddies, installing ANY security suite on an infected pc or one that has scores of junk left in the registry from McAfee, Norton (or both - some people think that if you install 2 it "protects you more" - SO NOT TRUE) makes you much more likely to experience problems with the install. I NEVER had problems with uninstalling Norton (on the 5 pc's that I did it on) and installing PC Cillin, even without deleting the registry entries that Norton left behind. And as always with a security suite, It's always best on a fresh install of windows. Overall, it runs quickly updates often and has almost every component you could want out of a suite. I personally think it's the best option out there - but keep in mind, you can get a flu shot but it doesn't guarantee that you're not going to get the flu, it just highly reduces the likelyhood. It's a great program and I think it's cool they give you a specialized area on the website to manage the licences and get access to personalized info based on the products you have. Also - Norton charges 30+ bucks for support. McAfee only has online support. PC Cillin is free (not that I've ever had to call since I've never had a problem with the program). P.S.: For the person who reviewed in broken english that they couldn't log into yahoo mail, ten bucks says your security and privacy settings in IE (only someone who uses yahoo mail would use internet explorer) are probably set at "high" and that's why you can't log in