 Before I write my review, I would like to note that I have had one semester of Mandarin Chinese, so I am familiar with some of the most basic words and phrases. I am using Rosetta Stone in addition to my Chinese classes so that I will learn to speak better and be able to listen to Chinese on a regular basis outside of class. I read the User's Guide before -- and while -- using Rosetta Stone. The program is not 100% user-friendly, so I needed the User's Guide to find out how to get started in the program, how to put the program in test mode, how to view my test scores, etc. It is very easy after you read the user's guide and play around with the program for a little while to figure everything out. You can select "preview" to see and hear what you will be learning, "guided exercise" to be taken through the lesson automatically, or go through the numbered exercises one by one. With most exercises, you hear a description and/or see a photograph, and you have to match up the description and/or photo with one of four answer choices. Depending on the exercise you do, you will have to recognize characters, spoken words, or both. There are three options for reading and writing text: Pinyin, simplified, and traditional characters. These are on the lower right of the screen. I am using traditional characters in my classes, so I always select the traditional characters option. There seems to be a lot of confusion among reviewers about the writing section. On my CD, there are four different types of exercises you can do in writing: Two exercises allow for pinyin only and the other two allow for pinyin, simplified, or traditional characters. Traditional and simplified characters can be entered into a text box using the drag-and-drop method. If you use pinyin in writing, you have to make rather awkward tone mark selections and get them over the right letter or your answer is wrong. Although some people would claim pinyin is easier than characters, in Rosetta Stone it is infinitely easier to memorize characters due to the constant repetition of phrases than it is to remember where the tone marks go in pinyin. The Curriculum Text so far is of no use to me at all, and appears to be in pinyin and simplified characters only (which is no good for someone trying to learn traditional characters). You don't even really need it to proceed with the lessons, anyway. The speaking portion is not working out entirely well for me, personally. You need a USB headset to record your voice in order to compare it to the native speaker's. I have to speak at an unnaturally-loud level to record anything at all, and I have to speak with constant force in my voice or the program stops recording me. I never get my reply to match the intensity of the speaker's, even with the microphone directly in front of my mouth and me speaking very loudly into it (just below shouting level). This could be my problem, though. Although I don't ever match the speaker's voice, it is good for practice to be able to hear the comparisons between my pronunciation and the speaker's. I haven't needed to use customer support for anything so I can't comment on that and installation was easy. I would describe my first semester of Chinese as intensely challenging and probably the hardest class I have ever taken in my life. Like I said in the beginning, I am using Rosetta Stone to help me build on what I have learned already, and it has been great so far in that respect