 Good news: BitDefender found a dormant worm in a deleted email on our PCs that Norton Internet Security (NIS) 2007 missed. Also, BD has very little impact on our systems or applications speed, which is why we uninstalled NIS - we had 8 months left on the Norton 3-PC license but our two older PCs (4 & 5 yrs old) had slowed down due to NIS so much that they were practically unusable. The hourly BD updates are almost unnoticable. Bad news: when we installed BD on the 2nd PC (2-PCs for 2-yrs license), we made the mistake of using my spouse's email and passwd instead of mine, which we had used on the 1st PC. Bad move. It had trouble starting, and modules were erratically turning on and off. We logged into the BitDefender site and found that the same exact license was registered to two different accounts. We uninstalled it, and reinstalled it using my email and passwd as a 2nd key, and that showed up on my account OK. However, there was no way to delete my spouse's account or key on their website. Her copy still ran funky, but at least it started. We used the online chat support and they were friendly and asked that we download two tools from their website and provide them sysinfo dumps by email. We did the dumps and sent them as a reply to their follow-up email with the BD trouble ticket # in the Subject. No reply after 3 days. We sent two other queries, one with the ticket # and one without, both explaining that we needed her bad account and key deleted, as there was probably some server license issues going on that were hindering the operation on her PC. Again, no response. We wound up uninstalling her 2nd copy of my package, and buying a 2nd 2-PC for 2-yrs package. At least those packages via Amazon were about $15 cheaper than a 1-PC for 1-yr CD version directly from SoftWin (BitDefender), so even with the dual CD purchase it is working out to only $16 per yr per PC (NIS was $35/yr/PC). Since we installed her 2nd package using a different email and passwd, and an alias for her name, there doesn't seem to be any key conflicts causing her BitDefender to run whacky. Sorry for the long-winded comments, but we wanted you to know that if everything goes great, the product is fast, low-resource impact, and finds stuff Norton misses. BUT (big but), if you got a problem, you're on your own, pal! Tech support is zip, nada, zed, zero. Thankyouverymuch