 NERO 7 Ultra Edition is an extremely comprehensive suite of software. Unfortunately, most of the applications contained within are more than most people (including myself) will ever need. Perhaps, this suite should be broken into three or four different products and sold seperately. For example, they could easily sell a DVD authoring product, a CD authoring product, a back-up ultility and music/MP3 software. Pros: When you figure out how to work the individual components of this suite (see cons), they work well and seamlessly. I like its ability to combine VOB files into one file and then export it into a variety of different formats using Nero Vision. Nero Recode works well if you have burned home movies onto a DVD+R DL disc and need to switch it onto a single-layer disc for family members who do not have DL technology. The utility for burning data CDs or DVDs (the classic Nero Burning ROM)is quick and painless. I don't use the other applications much, but you have to be careful that Nero doesn't make itself the default player for all types of media. Cons: The website is poor and the instructions are difficult to follow if you can find them. The FAQ section is out of date and doesn't address the major questions that I had when trying to figure this software out (possible it is a language issue). There are not even user forums to discuss problems with the software like many other companies offer. The software update utility did not work for me and I was unable to use it for months and therefore was unable to fix a bug that occasionally lead to a fatal Windows XP error. If you can update to the newest version (instructions to follow), things work better. I never had any compatability problems with my drives that I have seen a lot of people complain about. Fixes: If you are unable to update the software usning the update utility, the following worked for me: 1) Download the latest upgrade from [...] 2) Using control panel (add and remove programs), remove Nero from your computer. 3) Install the new upgrade from your hard drive. The installation program will detect your valid software serial number and install the new version of Nero 7 Ultra. Be careful that Nero doesn't make itself the default player for all media files during installation. 4) The new update utility works 1000x better than the old one and there should not be any problems. The new version of Nero 7 Ultra is far superior to the original version as well. Of course, the instruction on the web site do not tell you that you have to uninstall the old version before installing the new version. It took a long time and a lot of frustration to figure it out. Overall: 1) The software worked very well for me. It worked faster than other applications that I tried. 2) The web site is bad, at best. The documentation is bad, at best. The update utility included with this suite is non-functional, but the upgrade works very well. 3) I give this high marks on the software performance, but subtract for simply too many applications included and for the horrible customer support and bad web site. 4) Since I value functionality over customer support, I give this 4 stars (I would give 3.5, but that is not an option)