 I purchased this software about 2 weeks ago, and I have to say that it is far superior to any other product in its price range. I will admit that it's not nearly as intuitive as they say it is, but the learning curve (to me) isn't that steep. I say that with some reservations, because I went to school for media production and probably have a little better knowledge base to work from than the average beginner. To make matters more difficult, Cakewalk products have (from my experience) always had very poorly written manuals. With Music Creator, they seem to have made an effort to improve in that area. It's the first Cakewalk manual I've seen that actually has screenshots of whatever the particular topic is. Thank heaven for small favors. To avoid experiences like the other reviewers apparently had, I would recommend the following 1. Buy the boxed version instead of the download from the website. Yes, it's ten bucks more and you have to pay for shipping, but with the boxed version, you do get a manual (with pictures, no less) as well as a separate CD of video tutorials, plus some other extras. Do the CD tutorials first. If you get stuck after that, the info in the Help section makes alot more sense. 2. If you don't have a background in recording, get yourself a home recording how-to book. There's millions of them out there, and they can be extremely useful if you don't really have an understanding of the jargon. One thing about Cakewalk is that they say you don't have to have any experience to use their products, but somehow they assume that you're familiar with the terminology. If you're just looking for some backing tracks to jam along with, or drag and drop MIDI sequencing, this will do the job, but is probably alot more than you need. If you're like me and are looking for an all-in-one solution that can take a song from the melody knocking around in your head to a finished, mastered product on CD or MP3 (and you don't have the cash for ProTools or Reason) this might be just what you're looking for.